He spilled it all to the cameras and the rest of the Carter Clan, demanding respect from his younger sib.
Nick Carter claims his infidelity was a direct result of Paris Hilton's supposed liaisons with her House of Wax co-star Chad Michael Murray, a rumor that was unfounded.
Lindsay has been linked romantically to singer Aaron Carter, Wilmer Valderrama, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Witherspoon won an Oscar for her role as June Carter in the Johnny Cash bio pic, Walk the Line, and will next hit the big screen in Penelope.
In 2006, she received the best actress Oscar for her portrayal of June Carter Cash in Walk the Line.
Hilton has been romantically linked to several men, including Nick Carter, Stavros Niarchos III, Benji Madden, and Cy Waits.
Hilary Duff's first relationship was with singer Aaron Carter in 2002, after meeting on the set of Lizzie McGuire.
It was rumored that Carter left Lindsay Lohan to pursue Duff and that the two actresses were feuding as a result.
So far in his career, he has toured with Britney Spears and Aaron Carter, when he was part of Dream Street, and during his solo career, he toured with the Backstreet Boys.
Cooper's father died during open heart surgery in 1978, and about 10 years later, his older brother, Carter Vanderbilt Cooper, committed suicide by jumping from the 14th-floor of his mother's New York City penthouse apartment.
Country crooners Faith Hill, Deana Carter and Dolly Parton had much love and support for Urban upon hearing the news that he was entering rehab.
While the identity of the ex-boyfriend is unknown, Ling has been linked with singer Chris Isaak and Backstreet Boy Nick Carter.
Peniche was briefly engaged to Backstreet Boys member Aaron Carter - their engagement lasted a full six days before the pair split.
Reese Witherspoon - Her role as June Carter Cash in Walk the Line won her the Best Actress Academy Award in 2006.
Helena Bonham Carter - When this beautiful woman steps away from her Bohemian style, it's only to appear in a Goth look.
Since 2005, OshKosh B'Gosh has been part of the Carter's family of brands, another well-known manufacturer of children's apparel.
Kohl's also carries a Carter's dinosaur tee shirt.
Carter's girls clothing is a durable and affordable option that many parents appreciate.
In the world of baby and toddler clothing, Carter's ranks right up there with Osh Kosh B'Gosh, who the company has merged with.
Those who have owned Carter's clothing swear that it is one of the best brands for girls around.
Even those who haven't purchased Carter's in the past know the name and have heard of their reputation.
Carter's is an American manufacturer of children's clothing from infant to size 6X.
The company has been around since 1865, when it was originally founded by William Carter.
Carter decided to start manufacturing mittens by knitting them in his kitchen.
Today, Carter's is sold in more than 400 brand stores around the country and many other large chain stores like JCPenney and ToysRUs.
Durable: Carter's clothes are known to stand up to multiple washings.
Recognizable: Most people recognize the Carter name, which means that they will know you clothed your child in a quality brand.
However, if you plan to later resell the clothing to a secondhand store, Carter may hold its value better than an off brand.
Carter's makes clothing for both boys and girls, but the girls' clothing line offers many girly options that you and your daughter will love.
The selection of Carter's ensembles for toddler girls is excellent.
In addition to Carter stores located through the U.S., you'll also find Carter's girls clothing at Kohl's, Macy's, Belk and Sears.
If you are fortunate enough to live near a shopping outlet center, check to see if there is a Carter's outlet located there.
For everyday wear with timeless appeal, Carter's children's clothes can fulfill virtually all wardrobe requirements for young boys and girls.
Carter's is a company that prides itself on producing top-quality products that are attractive to consumers.
Carter's clothes are designed to celebrate the joy of childhood; this is done with fun patterns and motifs, durable construction, and cuts of clothing that allow children to do what they do best: play.
Carter's children's clothing merged with Osh Kosh, and together the two brands have a near monopoly on baby and children's clothing name recognition in the US.
Clothing manufactured by these two brands (both owned by Carter's Inc.) include: Carter's, Child of Mine, Just One Year, Osh Kosh B'Gosh, and Genuine Kids.
Carter's children's clothing can be bought in Carter's stores nationwide, in Carter's children's clothing outlets, online, and in several major retail chains, such as JC Penney, Sears, Bon-Ton, Macy's, Kohl's, Babies-R-Us, and Belk.
All of these stores will carry the Carter's brand, but the price will vary depending on where you shop.
For the deepest discounts, look for coupons from the retailers listed above, or find the nearest Carter's clothing outlet on their website.
Because Carter's clothes are built to last, buying used clothing from the Carter's brand is also a good choice.
At these prices, it's no wonder that Carter's children's clothing can be found in virtually every American child's closet.
At the end of the day, it's just a T-shirt, but for parents looking to explore the fun of infant fashion, their options extend well beyond the world of Gerber and Carter's.
Carter's: For all things baby and toddlers, you can't go wrong when you shop at Carter's.
In 2005, the company became a part of Carter Brands, another renowned children's clothing manufacturer.
Brands like Osh Kosh and Carter can be found at outlets.
He was also married twice, once to a women he fell in love with before being deployed in the service, and later to June Carter, a country music star who Cash remained with until her death 35 years later.
According to Ask the Builder's Tim Carter, pocket doors are among the most overlooked options when architects design homes.
Artist Kevin Carter has been designing theatrical and therapeutic contact lenses since 1994 and hand-paints all lenses himself.
In addition, sports greats like Fran Tarkenton, Rich Gannon and Cris Carter have called Minnesota their home.
Tony Carter creates teapots of all sorts.
He became a National Goodwill Ambassador for the Muscular Dystrophy Association and had the chance to meet Oprah Winfrey, Maya Angelou and Jimmy Carter to discuss his work and his hopes for peace in the world.
Red Carter understands the heart and soul of the South Beach scene, and reflects it in his unique line of swim wear.
South Beach swimwear designer Red Carter loves using mini mirrors as accents on some of his swimsuits.
Outlet stores like Carter's and Oshkosh can provide some good deals in baby clothing.
Outlet stores like Carter's and Oshkosh can provide some good deals in baby boy clothes.
That's why the Carter's Kids' Espa in hot pink is a great new addition to the Shoes.com site.
The third generation of the Vince Carter shoes line has a sleek modern look in intense white with silver and deep blue accents.
Orson's mother Gloria (Dixie Carter) kills Monique for having an affair with her son.
Carter Law Offices serve clients in Illinois who wish to pursue terbutaline litigation.
Years later, when professional wrestler and gymnast Albert Earl Carter published his 1979 book, "The Miracles of Rebound Exercise," mini-trampoline sales skyrocketed.
During this period, Cash's first marriage to Vivian Liberto ended, and shortly afterwards, he married fellow musician June Carter, of the The Carter Family.
The relationship between Cash and Carter was the subject of the 2005 movie Walk the Line, starring Reese Witherspoon and Joaquin Phoenix.
All of MP3 offers downloads of two Lil Wayne albums, Tha Carter and Tha Carter II, at great prices.
Rhapsody expands the "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree" MP3 offerings with covers from The Partridge Family, Nick Carter, The Rockettes, and many more.
The band disintegrated while on tour with Aaron Carter.
People who purchased their ticket for Twilight through Fandango received a special code to download an exclusive remix of the Carter Burwell song Bella's Lullaby.
The score for Twilight was composed and orchestrated by Carter Burwell.
Carter Burwell: Carter Burwell also did the score for the first Twilight saga movie.
One of these talented artists is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr., who is better known as Lil Wayne to his fans.
Liberto filed for divorce in 1966 after Cash developed a close relationship with touring partner June Carter (who would go on to become June Carter Cash).
There, in 1927, Ralph Peer of Victor Records made a recording of The Carter Family, who had traveled from their legendary Virginia mountain homestead to play a show in Bristol.
This recording helped launch the careers of The Carter Family to a wider audience, for which the family received $50 from Peer.
Peer's Carter Family recording was extremely popular, and he went on to record a long list of early country stars from his Bristol base.
Captain Samantha "Sam" Carter (Amanda Tapping), a brilliant tactician and astrophysicist, and the Jaffa warrior Teal'c (Christopher Judge) completed the original team.
Captain Carter would eventually achieve the rank of Colonel over the course of the series and Colonel O'Neill would be promoted to Brigadier General in the series final two years.
At the beginning of the fourth season, SG-1 founding team member Colonel Samantha Carter was assigned to command the City.
After season three, Elizabeth Weir was written out to make room for Amanda Tapping's Colonel Samantha Carter.
Rodney McKay (David Hewlett): McKay originally appeared in three episodes of SG-1 and he often rubbed the other team members, particularly Colonel Carter the wrong way with his obnoxious mannerisms.
Other characters included Pegasus Galaxy residents Teyla and Ronan as well as new commanders Colonel Carter and Richard Woolsey.
Created by Chris Carter, the series starred David Duchovny as Fox Mulder and Gillian Anderson as Dana Scully.
Carter maintained a healthy balance between the two extremes and kept both contingents happy until Duchovny left the series in 2001.
Carter brought in Robert Patrick, fresh off his appearance in Terminator 2, in which he played the bad terminator, to play Special Agent Doggett.
The movie and series follow the exploits of crusading investigative reporter Edison Carter (also Matt Frewer), in a future very similar to today.
Carter works for Network 23, in a future dominated by greedy corporations, where networks compete for ratings on a minute-by-minute basis.
Carter finds clues that his own network is involved in the development of a type of commercial, called 'blipverts', that can pack an entire sales message into a very brief 2-3 second period.
Carter finds himself stalked by his own network.
While Carter is unconscious, Network 23's 'mad scientist' Bryce Lynch (Chris Young), a teenage genius, digitizes Carter's mind so that it can be interrogated.
Since the last thing Carter remembers seeing is the warning sign, the created personna answers to the name 'Max Headroom', and has a mind of its own.
The network bosses would love to rein him in and exploit him, but there's no controlling the digital and uncatchable Max, who allies with Edison Carter when it suits him.
Carter uncovers and exposes wrong-doing for ratings, assisted by Theora, his 'controller' back at the network.
She plays the computer system like a violin, guiding Carter through mazes and avoiding surveillance to bag his target.
It's what I always loved about Lynda Carter, she was so strong and powerful and utterly feminine.
The X-303 was introduced midway through the ten-year long Stargate SG-1 and was the personal project of Major Samantha Carter.
Lynda Carter was not the first actress to bring Wonder Woman to the small screen.
After an extensive search, they settled on Lynda Carter, a former beauty pageant winner.
Many of these early storylines were explored in the first season of the Wonder Woman TV series starring Lynda Carter.
The appeal of the original SG-1 remained the team stories about Daniel, Jack, Samantha Carter and Teal'c as well as the numerous beings, aliens and allies they made throughout their ten-year journey.
The founder, Alexis Carter, started the group and quickly began developing the Golden Web Awards for Web Design (as well as the Diamond Web Awards, which are voted on by the general public).
At Thebes, New York has also carried out work at Qurnet Murra`i and Sheikh `Abd el Qurna, as well as at Dra t Abul Neqqa and Deir el Bahri, 55 where the Earl of Carnarvon, assisted by Mr. Howard Carter, has also dug with remarkable success, recovering some of the most beautiful relics of the art of the XII.
In 1859, however, he entered the city disguised as a carter, and, through the influence of Humboldt with the king, got permission to stay there.
After graduating at Harvard College in 1852 and at the law school of Harvard University in 1854, he was admitted first to the Massachusetts (1855) and then (1856) to the New York bar, and entered the law office of Scudder & Carter in New York City.
"CARTER GLASS (1858-), American politician, was born at Lynchburg, Va., Jan.
C. Carter, therefore, as counsel for the United States, submitted a theory of international jurisprudence which was equally novel.
Bonham Carter with two officers and four petty officers had got on a Carley raft and floated down the canal.
He died a Carter Hall, Millwood, Clarke county, Virginia, on the 12th of September 1813.
Carter (U.S. Marine Hospital Service) that although the incubation of the disease was 5 days, 15 to 20 days had to elapse before the "infection" of the house, and from Ross's demonstration of the part played in malaria by the Anopheles.
Carter, to save fallen women.
Carter's makes clothing both for boys and girls.
For the quality provided, Carter's clothes are very reasonably priced, especially when they are on sale.
Compressed: The compressed version is tighter than Helvetica Condensed and was designed by designed by Matthew Carter.
It was hard indeed for a carter drawing coal to a gasworks to recognize the necessity which compelled a reduction in his wages because wool had fallen 20 7 0.
He was the ninth child of a carter, who wanted to make him a priest, but the lad at fifteen enlisted in a battalion of students to fight against the armies of Napoleon I.
The highest peak on the Carter-Moriah range is Carter Dome, 4860 ft., but seven others exceed 4000 ft.
Mr Carter's contention was successfully combated by Sir Charles Russell, the leading counsel for Great Britain.
In 1869 he retired into private life in Tennessee, and after several unsuccessful efforts was elected to the United States Senate, free of party trammels, in 1875, but died at Carter's Station, Tenn., on the 31st of July 1875.
The betrothal, moreover, stimulated Lowell to new efforts towards self-support, and though nominally maintaining his law office, he threw his energy into the establishment, in company with a friend, Robert Carter, of a literary journal, to which the young men gave the name of The Pioneer.
From there, I went to Carter Paterson's office, where I was greeted with the utmost courtesy. 
Meantime Mr Bonham Carter, wisest of men, has returned, thank Heaven, and I've got full absolution from him.
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
James Earl Carter The first U.S. president to be elected from the deep South in 132 years, James Earl (Jimmy) Carter (born 1924) served one term (1977-1981). In 1980 he lost his bid for re-election to Republican candidate Ronald Reagan but went on to be a much admired worker for peace and human rights at home and abroad. Howard Carter Howard Carter (1874-1939), the renowned archaeologist who discovered the tomb of King Tutankhamun, was a private and stubborn man whose perfectionism frequently got him into trouble. Had he been more diplomatic, he might have avoided much personal misery, but then he might never have discovered the tomb. Words near carter in the Dictionary carte richard d'oylycartelizecartelizedcartelizescartelizingcartelscarteololcartercarter bettycarter howardcarteretcarterfone decision
