In fact, they'll do almost anything to keep a deception going.
Your own psychic abilities may be kicking in to warn you against deception!
Despite the lies and deception, Jill remained close with Cane Ashby until his death.
The complaints are not only about the poor quality of the Body Shaper itself, but the deception in the advertising regarding the cost and the lack of decent customer service.
It is also a look at layers of deception as power hunger Kraven betrays his own kind as easily as he hides the betrayals of his superiors.
The dying race sought to exterminate the humans and used deception and deceit to accomplish this task.
In the modern series, the Cylons use deception and deceit because they look like humans.
Jetfire was originally a Deception to has ran his course.
In these proceedings the same issue was involved deception of the public.
She successfully represented a client in proceedings against a solicitor and recovered the repayment of monies obtained by deception and costs.
For artful deception need to get driving looking at takes a certain.
In our opinion this is deliberate deception by the council to conceal the extent of the plans.
Neil, at 14, already had a powerful forehand, clever deception shots and a prodigious appetite, especially for crepes.
And of course a working knowledge of the properties of metals could easily lend itself to deception and fraud.
The idea that an object is capable of deception is typical of human self-deception.
This is a tactic which is proving wearisome, yet amounts to nothing less than the deliberate deception of the electorate.
He set about instructing the youth in the arts and graces appropriate to his pretended birth; but meanwhile a report having gained currency that the young earl of Warwick, son of Edward IV.'s brother George, duke of Clarence, had died in the Tower, Symonds decided that the impersonation of this latter prince would be a more easily credible deception.
On the use of the flag and uniform of an enemy for purposes of deception there has been some controversy, but it is supported by high military authority..
In analytic we work with an ethos different from that of dialectic. We presume truth and not probability or concession, but a true conclusion can follow from false premises, and it is only in the attempt to derive the premises in turn from their grounds that we unmask the deception.
If they justified The him in employing lies and deception in international adminis- affairs, in his relations with his subjects they led him tration of to regard as lawful everything which favored his Louis XI.
Every sphere of work was connected, in his eyes, with evil and deception.
Count Rostopchin was mentally preparing the angry and stinging reproaches he meant to address to Kutuzov for his deception.
If you believe that you have been the victim of outright deception, auto fraud is the avenue that you want to pursue.
Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception: Story and character development are playing an increasingly important role in determining what is a good video game to buy, and this philosophy is epitomized by titles like Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception.
Other attractions include Deception Pass, the Flying Heritage Collection and a tour of a Boeing factory, the Quil Ceda Village and the Tulalip Amphitheatre.
Located within miles of The Outlet Shoppes is Deception Pass State Park where you can camp and enjoy freshwater and saltwater shorelines.
The FDCPA was enacted by Congress in 1977 to stop the negative actions taken by some collection agencies such as threats, deception and harassment.
A compulsive liar is someone who lies routinely, according to Truth About Deception.
It was the deception.
Pretending to maintain the Solonian constitution (as he could well afford), he realized that people would never recognize the deception if a sufficient degree of prosperity were ensured.
The great expenditure incurred during the war had led to much deception as to the growth of trade, while the large sums spent on repatriation and other temporary work main ceased.
So, too, fire-worship, especially of the sacrificial flame; the preparation of the intoxicating soma, which fills man with divine strength and uplifts him to the gods; the injunction to good thoughts and good works, imposed on the pious by Veda and Avesta alike: the belief in an unwavering order (rta)a law controlling gods and men and dominating them all; yet with this, a belief in the power of magical formulae (mantra), exclamations and prayers, to whose compulsion not merely demons (the evil spirits of deception druh) but even the gods (daeva) must submit; and, lastly, the institution of a priesthood of fire-kindlers (athravan), who are at once the repositories of all sacral traditions and the mediators in all intercourse between earth and heaven.
The London Chamber of Commerce have issued to the British trade a notice that any misleading term in advertising and all attempts at deception are illegal, and offenders are liable under the Merchandise Marks Act 1887.
Then half the white population of the Transvaal were as " helots "; now the 2 In a speech in the House of Commons, February 19, 1906_ Chinese tamed this deception for some time after the war had Labour.
At the same time the fact that the lovers are the helpless victims of the fatal force of a magic spell is insisted upon, in order that their career of falsehood and deception may not deprive them of sympathy.
His high appreciation of Christianity, which contrasts with the contemptuous estimate of the contemporary rationalists, rested on a firm belief in its essential humanity, to which fact, and not to conscious deception, he attributes its success.
An Early English crypt remains beneath the neighbouring parish church of St John, where the notorious deception of the "Cock Lane Ghost," in which Johnson took great interest, was exposed.
Since belief in the adequacy of the two theories, above outlined, to account for the facts they profess to explain, depends ultimately upon the testimony that can be brought forward of the usefulness of warning characters, of the deception of mimicry and of the capacity for learning by experience possessed by enemies, it is necessary to give some of the evidence that has been accumulated on these points.
Shamash the sun-god was invested with justice as his chief trait, Marduk is portrayed as full of mercy and kindness, Ea is the protector of mankind who is grieved when, through a deception practised upon Adapa, humanity is deprived of immortality.
How far the more serious claim is likely to be revived in connexion with the renewal of research into the "occult" sciences generally, it is still too early to speculate; and it has to be recognized that such a point of view is opposed to the generally established belief that astrology is either mere superstition or absolute imposture, and that its former vogue was due either to deception or to the tyranny of an unscientific environment.
Cook had sailed by without suspecting its presence; Captain John Meares (c. 1756-1809), another English navigator, who visited the region in 1788, declared that no such river existed, and actually called its estuary "Deception Bay"; and George Vancouver, who visited the coast in 1792, was sceptical until he learned of Gray's discovery.
When Mr Eyre viewed the country from Mount Deception in 1840, looking between Lake Torrens and the lake which now bears his own name, the refraction of light from the glittering crust of salt that covers a large space of stony or sandy ground produced an appearance of water.
Deception is one of its chief means, and one of the great arts of skilful generalship is to deceive in order to destroy.
After speaking of Dositheus the Samari tan, who persuaded some of his countrymen that he was the Christ prophesied by Moses, he goes on to say: " Also Simon the Samaritan, a magician, wished to filch away some by his magic. And at the time indeed he succeeded in his deception, but now I suppose it is not possible to find 30 Simonians altogether in the world; and perhaps I have put the number higher than it really is.
6 More recently several men of science, including Sir Oliver Lodge in England, Professor Charles Richet in France, and Professors Schiaparelli and Morselli in Italy, have convinced themselves of the supernormal chaeacter (though not of any spiritualistic explanation) of certain physical phenomena that have occurred in the presence of a Neapolitan medium, Eusapia Palladino, though it is known that she frequently practises deception. ?
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
Nathaniel Brown Palmer Nathaniel Brown Palmer (1799-1877), American sea captain, sighted the part of the Antarctic Peninsula that came to be known as Palmer Land. In later life he engaged in designing and sailing clipper ships for the China trade. Sissela Ann Bok Although she was born in Sweden and educated at the Sorbonne University in Paris, Sissela Ann Bok (born 1934) may be considered one of the premier American women moral philosophers of the latter part of the 20th century. Respected by fellow scholars, she was also highly regarded by the media, which often sought her views on ethics and philosophy. Words near deception in the Dictionary decentreddecentresdecentringdecenylenedeceptabledeceptibledeceptiondeceptionsdeceptiousdeceptivedeceptive-advertisingdeceptive-cadence
