Legend: (cur) = difference with current version, (last) = difference with preceding version, M = minor edit.
At Florence the earliest editions of Homer (1488) and Isocrates (1493) had been produced by Demetrius Chalcondyles, while Janus Lascaris was the first to edit the Greek anthology, Apollonius Rhodius, and parts of Euripides, Callimachus and Lucian (1494-1496).
He became a frequent contributor to the Monthly Review, the Gentleman's Magazine, the AntiJacobin Review and the British Critic. He also wrote several articles for the third edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, and on the death of the editor, Cohn Macfarquhar, in 1793, was engaged to edit the remaining volumes.
The cost limit covers the time taken to find, sort, edit or redact material (calculated at £ 25 per hour).
The large image size makes it easier to edit and retouch an image.
Using Word to create and edit web pages: a quick guide The quick riposte would be: do n't...
Flash Image Rotator by Lisa To edit the Flash image rotator, you will need to use Macromedia Flash MX.
Follow the TWiki Shorthand link to see how, then: Go back to your sandbox topic end edit it.
To edit the beginning and end of sound clips precisely, use a larger magnification on the timeline.
We reserve the right to edit any content submissions for suitability.
Edit Template Click to edit the template on which the current page is based.
I reserve the right to edit or turn down what you send in.
They have the power to edit, delete, move, close, unclose, topics and posts, in the forum they moderate.
The internal cut and paste is used when executing copy and move drawing commands and also cut and copy commands from the edit menu.
While you may use Image Edit for image editing, Photoshop would be handier for image manipulation.
They will provide you with some basic tools to edit and upload pages along with some server space and maybe an email ID or two thrown in.
Your first consideration when buying a digital camcorder should be how you plan to shoot and edit your recordings.
Do I need to be able to edit video or photos?
Gamers, users to edit video or create graphics need a powerful graphics card with its own memory so the system memory isn't used.
If you edit videos or pictures or you plan on using a graphic design program, then you’re a multimedia user.
Click on Edit Payment options to add a bank account and routing number.
Edit your wardrobe down to the minimum number of pieces each season and then store whatever you won't use for a few months.
By creating an account, you can edit and save your floor plans.
There are help videos that show you how to create and edit your floor plan.
Most radio edit songs are only 2 to 3 minutes in duration - you can do it.
Remember that you can always edit this later.
Even though email lets you send a resume instantly, make sure you take the time to edit your resume carefully.
If you can have people in your field of interest edit your resume, all the better.
Carefully edit and proofread your resume.
From this blog page, you can post a new blog, edit past blogs and customize the look of your posts.
If you see a mistake, or think of something else you'd like to add, select "Edit" and if, on second thought, you don't want to share those thoughts with the world, you still have the option to "Cancel" the entry.
Once you make the animal, it can be changed later on, but you'll probably want to edit the background or worlds you create.
This camera line is ideal for photographers who frequently crop and edit their pictures.
The customizable touch screen also allows you to edit your photos via standard cropping, resizing and red eye elimination.
Users can view and edit photos before printing.
Paint.NET is another free program that you can use to edit photographs.
For example, you can upload your images at an in-store kiosk or online with Wal-Mart and edit before you print.
You may not realize it, but there are several excellent websites that allow you to edit your images at no cost.
However, the end results are decent and FotoFlexer.com also allows you to upload and edit photos from a wide range of photo-sharing sites, including Yahoo and Phanfare.
How to Edit Photos and Create Collages: Get tips on how to do simple and advanced photo editing.
Using Photoshop you can edit a picture's brightness or contrast, superimpose someone into a photo, adjust the color and hue, as well as change the output mode and format.
The selection tools in Pixia don't resemble common drawing tools, so if you want to save yourself some frustration, begin with a blank image and experiment with the tools until you are comfortable before attempting to edit photos or images.
Both versions of Adobe Photoshop excel in offering advanced features to correct, enhance, and edit images and make some of the most complex editing techniques much more simple.
The program makes it easy to manage and edit large numbers of images, and it allows users to correct a group of images with a single click.
The promotional materials for Photoshop CS3 promise that users will be able to "Work more productively, edit with unrivaled power, and composite with breakthrough tools."
Go to "Define Pattern" under the "Edit" menu and give your pattern a name that you will be able to remember.
Being able to edit pictures, add journaling, and design your page on your computer is a quick and convenient way to make a handmade gift.
Click the image below to access a sample matrix that you can edit and print to use as a time management tool specific to your needs.
Social Networking: On your Facebook newsfeed, scroll to the bottom where you can "Edit Options."
You'll find that if you refer back to and edit your thoughts over a period of time, your speech may almost write itself!
Once you have written your original wedding vows, edit them carefully.
If there is a part that feels unnatural, omit or edit it.
If many gifts are purchased from the registry because of additional parties, couples can easily edit their registry to include more items if needed.
During the day or late afternoon, however, you might want to edit the menu to make it more casual and low-key.
I am sure as time goes on I will come back to this site and edit and modify.
On the other hand, if you feel that your closet could use a bit of a revamp, use this guide for what not to wear for men to help you edit your wardrobe.
These calculators also use default values for inflation and other factors, which you may edit.
Files are uploaded, converted to PDF files, and then assigned to peer reviewers to accept, edit, or reject.
When in doubt, don't add a picture -- I'll find a suitable one when I edit the article (I've visited parks all over the country).
Edit the sound track or adjust camera settings to minimize wind roar and other background noise.
Alternatively, edit the film to include an appropriate music track.
Edit the video for both the best visual as well as the best sound after it is recorded.
In fact, the player could edit his or her rider with a create-a-rider mode that included a "breast size slider."
Go to Edit Costume and you should now find the maid costume.
Puzzle Edit allows you to make your own puzzle, which you use to be able to share online.
Also, this version included an edit mode where you can create your own steps.
If you know something we don't, click "Edit" and add it to the list!
Many compilers are simple programs that allow you to enter your text, edit and debug your program and run the code.
Go ahead and edit this page, as LoveToKnow Video Games is a wiki!
If you want to add your favorite title to the list, just click "Edit this Page" and start typing!
To add your own fun computer game and share it with the world, simply click "Edit This Page" to the left.
To add your own fun GBA game and share it with the world, simply click "Edit This Page" to the left.
To add your own fun DS game and share it with the world, simply click "Edit This Page" to the left.
To add your own fun GameCube game and share it with the world, simply click "Edit This Page" to the left.
Simply edit this page and add your two cents above the other posts.
Other niceties include a Puzzle Mode, Time Attack Mode, Skin Edit Mode, and Mission Mode.
Choosing the Mii Channel from the main menu on the Nintendo Wii, you have the opportunity to create or edit Mii characters.
After you create a Mii, you are able to edit the name, clothes color and facial construction so you won't get bored with the same Mii for a prolonged time.
Navigating to the Mii Channel from the main menu on the Nintendo Wii, you have the ability to create and edit a wide range of Mii characters.
Once in the channel click on the Edit Mii, then the Mii you want to edit.
Optionally, you can hold the B button, select your Mii with the A button and drag it to the Edit Mii icon.
The team management tool can also be used to edit the lines on each team, shifting personnel and selecting the players that would participate in the shootouts.
Just sign in and click "Edit" on this screen to add the info!
Or, add a preview of your own by clicking the edit this page button!
In order to make use of the following codes, you must creat a shortcut to the Quake4 EXE file, and edit the shortcut's command line with the suffix +set com_allowConsole 1.
Edit: video games can become more realistic.
The maid costume will then become available under Edit Costume.
You now get to edit buildings and vehicles, as well as guide the direction of your newfound civilization.
Add your favorites by clicking the "Edit" button, or just browse through for tons of video game goodness!
You'll need it to record, edit and save the files you create.
Afterwards, edit out any strange noises or awkward pauses and export it as an MP3 file.
Simply click "edit this page" from the left navigation bar and type your thoughts below the last person.
LoveToKnow Antiques and Collectibles uses the wiki system, which allows anybody to edit existing articles or even add new articles to the site.
Click on the "edit this page" button above and contribute your thoughts.
Programs=== If you have one of the advanced audio editing programs like Cool Edit Pro, Adobe Audition or something similar, then you can chop down an audio clip to ay section you want in superb detail.
Even if you type one incorrectly and don't find out until the song is done, you can go back in and edit it.
You can use a handset like the Motorola Droid to check your email, update your Twitter status, watch YouTube videos, post pictures to Facebook, play mobile games, edit important documents, and so much more.
Wordpress for BlackBerry allows you to write blog posts, comment on blog posts and edit previous posts.
You can edit videos right from the iPhone 3GS and iPhone 4. iPhone 3G and iPod Touch do not have this editing capability.
Shoot, edit, and distribute high definition movies right from your iPhone without having to sync with a desktop computer.
Those who want to record and edit their own videos will enjoy the feature that allows users to capture video in low-light conditions and then edit it right on the iPhone.
These mobile devices allow customers to check email anywhere, send and edit documents, use GPS services to find clients, take notes at meetings, or even schedule events.
You can edit saved recipes to your liking, adding or eliminate ingredients to tailor them to your specific taste.
Creative Commons is a license-free photo share site that has uploaded sketches and photographs you can edit and use for free.
You can also use a website like MyTheme.com to edit the background and preview it as you go.
After downloading the template, you just add your clipart or photos and edit the squares on the board to include things that are relevant to the game you are making and then print out.
Make sure you locate the Save, Save As Draft, and Edit buttons prior to any transfer of information or composition of the main part of the grant.
Click on the printable letter in this article to edit it with your organization's specific information then save it to your computer's desktop or print it out then used as needed.
Not only can this person edit and proofread if need, but he or she can also let you know if your language is convincing and has a proper tone to it.
Once recipes come back to me, I edit the recipes, the text, and pull together the story package.
If you want to create a fancier Myspace page, including a bigger or better friend space, you'll need to edit the HTML code-a kind of computer language-that's behind the layout.
You simply copy the code, click edit on your Myspace profile, and paste the code in.
If you have videos with your sweetheart, edit them and create a video capturing the best moments.
Just let your heart out on the paper and you can go back to edit after you are done.
Reading it later will help you find things about it that you don't like or things that you may have missed during your previous edit.
You can edit a letter before it is sent, but you cannot edit a sentence once it has left your lips.
A standard book is 75,000 words and takes even the strongest writer 30 to 45 days to write, edit and complete.
The best way to edit and proofread is to give yourself plenty of time for the process.
Step 10: Revise and edit the article for grammar, typos and punctuation.
And successful freelancers need to develop thick skins, because editors rightly care about their publications more than about a writer’s feelings, and have every right to edit a freelancer’s work however they see fit.
Game developers and publishers willingly submit their games to the ESRB for ratings and, similar to the method used by filmmakers, will edit their games' content if seeking a particular rating.
Simply select edit this page from the drop-down toolbox, type in your question below the Ask Your Kids Question Right Here header, and click the Save Page button at the bottom of the page.
Video Edit Magic is as user-friendly as it gets.
Use a light hand when adding sound effects to your final edit.
It's actually easier to edit in sound as opposed to removing it, simply because you have the benefit of keeping it under your control.
You can always edit out the sections you don't need.
After the first edit, have friends and family watch and critique it, then edit it again.
You have the next step of writing a review to edit your words.
Once you have gotten everything out of your head and onto the page, begin to edit your words.
If you find your review giving the whole story away, edit for restraint.
Only users who edit videos, play advanced computer games, frequently watch movies, or use advanced programming for visual effects need to consider advanced graphics cards.
They can use the site's photo sharing tools, edit and enhance their photos, or choose from many different printing options to bring their digital files to life beautifully.
It's true that people who hope to edit digital video or play the latest computer games need a fair amount of computing power.
You can play video games, pop in your favorite DVD or listen to music while you edit your vacation photos.
A wiki is an open content management system (CMS) that allows anyone to add or edit content across the site.
To see examples, just click "Edit This Page" right now and look at this article.
Anyone can add or edit pages at LoveToKnow Watches, making it the most up-to-date resource around.
From any page on our site, simply click the "edit" button to the left, or one of the links within the article.
So, how do you effectively edit your copy?
Always edit your notes and make a coherent log after the contact event is completed for a couple of good reasons.
The AVG Control Center has a user-friendly design providing easy reads of tests to run, scheduled tasks and test results, allowing you to edit system settings and monitor individual component status at a glance.
Once you've chosen the style of business letter you plan to use and have written your letter, be sure to proofread and edit the entire letter.
This recording device will also allow you to transfer files directly to you PC so you can edit and distribute them in whatever fashion you like.
You can also edit the format and the card orientation with ease.
If your document runs over, you need to edit it down to fit.
Visitors to the site can log in to edit their resume quickly and easily.
It is also very important to edit and make sure there are no typos.
Create your resume in a word processing program so you can edit it easily.
When you need to ask someone to provide a new letter for you, simply open the template, edit as necessary, and send via email, fax, or postal mail (as appropriate for the situation).
You should write and edit your business plan before you ever start developing your executive summary.
Keep the original saved so you can edit and rearrange sections as you acquire more skills and work experience.
Once complete, set it aside for a day or two before giving it a final edit; distancing yourself a little from your work permits you to return to it with a fresh pair of eyes and notice errors that you might have previously overlooked.
Once you have completed all of the parts of the form that apply to you, the system will generate a resume you can save, edit or print.
While you will be able to edit the information you enter into the form, your ability to make changes to the format will be limited.
Proofread and edit the resume prior to printing it.
To do this, ensure the company allows you to edit or change to the resume after you print it.
You can then store the resume online and come back to edit it whenever you need to.
Once you have your design file, you can edit it to make it your own.
If needed, edit the design or combine with other files.
Pattern Maker: Create and edit your own pattern, build a pattern from clipart, or import a digital image and convert it to a pattern.
To properly format and edit photographs, you may want to use Adobe Photoshop.
Doing so will launch a PDF document that you can edit and save.
Doing so will launch a fill-in PDF laundry room inventory form that you can edit, save and update as needed.
You can edit it and share it as you wish, but the creator of the patterns does wish for a link back to the site.
Using the remarkably flexible wiki system, anyone can read, edit or add their own articles to our site with just a few mouse clicks.
Once you've activated your account, log in and click "Edit Profile".
You will be taken to a screen with many empty boxes and edit links below them.
Preview the radio edit, instrumental, and single versions at MP3.com.
Just edit in the sound effect and none will be the wiser.
Add some electronics drums or let Fatboy Slim have a go at it or a radio edit.
You can also listen to a midi clip of it, find places to download it, send the lyrics to a friend, edit the lyrics or get a widget of the lyrics for your own personal website.
Enter your MySpace control panel; there will be a link marked "Edit Profile."
To place the code, go into your profile where you are able to edit your page and paste it in the text box and save it.
Next to your profile picture you will see an Edit Profile option.
The menu to upload and customize your backgrounds for Xanga is found using the "edit themes" button on the left side of your Xanga home page.
Underneath there are two choices: "Browse Themes" and "Edit Themes."
Once you've chosen your theme, however, you can continue to modify your selection to your exact taste using the "Edit Theme" option.
Next, log into your profile and click "Edit Profile." Copy and paste the code into your "About Me" section.
To start decorating your MySpace page, run your selection arrow over the Profile drop down menu and then click on Edit Profile.
You can place these codes in any of the following boxes available on the Edit Profile page: About Me, I'd Like to Meet, General, Music, Movies, Television, Books, and Heroes.
Copy this code and then return to your Edit Profile page by scrolling over Profile and clicking Edit Profile.
Once you've been granted access, click on "edit profile." When you do so, Profile Themes will be a small link near the top of the page.
You can find it by going to your main page, logging in and clicking on "Edit My Profile."
Users can edit their status and other information by texting those updates.
People who aren't content with an average blog can go the extra mile and edit blogger templates with Dreamweaver.
While it is something of a technical challenge to learn how to use dreamweaver to edit Blogger templates, it's not as hard as it might seem, and the payoff is both a stunning customized blog and more knowledge of HTML and other web tools.
With this simple step-by-step method, you can easily find, edit, and upload the necessary templates to your Blogger account.
It has three sub-sections too - one of which, "Edit HTML," you'll come back to later.
At this point you are free to edit, and you will see that Dreamweaver color-codes the text so that it is easier to read.
As far as how to edit the code, that's left to other articles such as How to Design a Blog Template.
Remember the section on your "Templates" tab on the Blogger dashboard called "Edit HTML"?
To add pictures to an existing album, select "Edit Album" and add your pictures.
Microphones, sound mixers, and a computer powerful enough to record and edit are all necessary for most podcasting.
Some programs make it easy to record and edit your podcast and assist you in posting it to the web.
While it presents an extensive set of tools for you to record, edit and fine-tune your podcasts, Audacity does not provide anything to get you published to the web.
Go to your profile page and then select the tab that allows you to edit the information in the "About Me" section.
To do this, log on to your MySpace page, click on "edit profile" and paste the code in the place where you want the image to appear.Adding funny graphics to your MySpace page can transform it from "ho hum" to "ha ha."
Once you're in the Edit Group mode, scroll down to the description section.
If you are not happy with the page, click the "Edit Group" button again and make the necessary changes to have it look the way you want.
To modify the background for your MySpace profile page, just log into your profile account, click on Edit Profile and then click on the About Me section.
Then, click on "customize profile," which is not to be confused with "edit profile."
Edit profile simply changes your information, whereas "customize profile" changes the layout.
Four options, which include select theme, change layout, advanced edit and CSS will appear to the right.
If you want to change the color background, or add a background image, click on "advanced edit."
To simply deactivate your account, go to the "Edit Settings" link in your Account tab and click on "Deactivate."
Using the Google Gears technology (which allows you to use many Google apps such as Documents, Picasa, and Gmail offline) it will log into your Blogger site and allow you to edit old entries and create new ones.
Upload your photo from your fan page by clicking the Edit Page button, then clicking Change Picture and following the directions to upload a photo.
The Edit Profile screen displays various fields depending upon the category you selected when you set up the fan page.
Go to Edit Settings and turn off all the settings you don't want them to have access to.
If you don't want the information out there, click "Edit Settings," then uncheck "Enable public search."
Just click on "Edit Profile" on LinkedIn and then select "Add Twitter Account." Enter your username and password, then verify that they are correct.
It is also possible to place the image behind the text and use "wrap points" to edit the text around the shape of the image itself.
First is what kind of page you are trying to produce for the site, and second is what kind of program you are using to edit the page.
Create tables, insert images, and create links with a simple click of the mouse.Additionally, the CoffeeCup editor also offers a code editor, which allows experienced web programmers to directly edit HTML and CSS script.
They allow you a "boxed" design to edit as long as you keep a link back to the person who created it or the site where it was hosted.
You can edit these images with Photoshop or another graphic program.
Edit the primary and secondary DNS settings for the domain you registered so that it matches those of your web host.
In the case of CSS, you make one single edit in the .css file and the formatting change is replicated through all of your web pages, whether there are 20 of them, or hundreds of them.
There are also several templates available that you can edit for your own personal use.
It offers a very easy to use point and click interface, and it gives you the ability to easily edit the flash templates provided.
There's no need to design from scratch with web page builders because there are usually many templates included that you can easily edit for your needs.
However, if you want to save that step, RSS-Builder has a built-in feature that will edit the RSS feed directly on your web server.
The only job of this program is to help you edit websites.
Since the code is an older set of instructions, you will want to make sure that you go through and edit anything that makes it current and relevant to you.
If you feel a template suits you more because you think you might need to edit the guestbook drastically to fit your needs, then take a look at the template at HTML Source for a Guestbook Template.
Instead of reinventing the wheel, it's often much easier to download a free web design template that you can edit and customize to suit your particular needs.
They are straight web pages that you can edit and publish anywhere.
This parameter specifies which string to edit.
He also assisted to edit the tenth edition of Erskine May's Law, Privileges, Proceedings and Usage of Parliament (London, 1896).
Many of his original papers were published in the Zeitschrift Per analytische Chemie, which he founded in 1862 and continued to edit till his death.
His graduation thesis, published in 1819, on the history of the Merovingian mayors of the palace, attracted the attention of Baron Stein, by whom he was engaged in 1820 to edit the Carolingian chroniclers for the newly-founded Historical Society of Germany.
With the assistance of neighbouring princes and of many of the influential Dihkans, Mahmud collected a vast amount of materials for the work, and after having searched in vain for a man of sufficient learning and ability to edit them faithfully, and having entrusted various episodes for versification to the numerous poets whom he had gathered round him, he at length made choice of Firdousi.
From this tour Ray and Willughby returned laden with collections, on which they meant to base complete systematic descriptions of the animal and vegetable kingdoms. Willughby undertook the former part, but, dying in 1672, left only an ornithology and ichthyology, in themselves vast, for Ray to edit; while the latter used the botanical collections for the groundwork of his Methodus plantarum nova (1682), and his great Historia generalis plantarum (3 vols., 1686, 1688, _1704).
However, someone may come along and edit the material to for example combine the writings of 2 or more individuals into a single piece.
Wilberforce assisted his brother Samuel to write the Life and to edit the Correspondence of his father.
To create a bookmark for the current solution, select the Bookmark command from the Edit menu.
Me: thanks bye edit: but i love my job and everyone is really nice.
Teachers can edit the slides to make the timeline more complicated or easier.
Mobile Phone Tools Compatible - Create edit and synchronize datebook and phonebook entries with your PC.
Originally, we started as a do-it-yourself editing service where you could edit your own website.
Then you can go and edit the pages by clicking on the 'edit' tab which will appear on the top of (almost) each page.
However, someone may come along and edit the material to for example, combine the writings of two or more individuals into a single piece.
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
Edmond Hoyle Edmond Hoyle (1672-1769) was an authority on card games and is often referred to as the "Father of Whist." Although he did not invent the game, with the publication of his systematized book of rules and procedures, the game became widely popular, especially among the English aristocracy. He also published rules on backgammon, brag, quadrille, piquet, and chess. Walt Whitman Walt Whitman (1819-1892) is generally considered to be the most important American poet of the 19th century. He wrote in free verse, relying heavily on the rhythms of native American speech. Also Mentioned In Google Wavepullreeditcopycopyreadedit keymscaodhXL CutcopyXL abcedit menuMSW Print preview Words near edit in the Dictionary e-distributionedison thomas alvaedison, thomas a.edisto riveredisylateedisylateseditedit checkingedit-conflictedit-conflictseditabilityeditable
