He didn't like that she was able to pull those memories free of the prison he'd sent them to.
The dress was thick silk and moved like water as she pulled it free and held it against her.
How did you free him?
She didn't need to know he planned on having her killed off, once and for all, once they were free of Hell.
Free people establish governments to protect their rights.
Whatever it was, it wasn't going to be free.
She plucked it free.
He sensed what Gabriel wouldn't say: things were about to change for him, and he suspected that meant he'd soon be free.
In a short time he was free and in the open air.
But in spite of the relative economic displacement they all cause, free trade, outsourcing, and technological displacement all have a positive net effect on the economics of the planet.
Robots are free from the physical limits our human bodies have.
The full quote runs: "Necessitous men are not, truly speaking, free men, but, to answer a present exigency, will submit to any terms that the crafty may impose upon them."
He receives his orders and will marry you or anybody; but you are free to choose....
"It can't be helped It happens to everyone!" said the son, with a bold, free, and easy tone, while in his soul he regarded himself as a worthless scoundrel whose whole life could not atone for his crime.
(He now felt so glad to be free from his own lawlessness and to submit his will to those who knew the indubitable truth.)
Natasha had not had a moment free since early morning and had not once had time to think of what lay before her.
Anatole had very soon abandoned his wife and, for a payment which he agreed to send to his father-in-law, had arranged to be free to pass himself off as a bachelor.
He was glad I was free to refuse him.
In actual life each historic event, each human action, is very clearly and definitely understood without any sense of contradiction, although each event presents itself as partly free and partly compulsory.
Whatever presentation of the activity of many men or of an individual we may consider, we always regard it as the result partly of man's free will and partly of the law of inevitability.
She gently twisted her arm free.
The rest of the time you're free to do as you please.
He drew his mount to a halt beside her and kicked one foot free of the stirrup, offering a hand up.
"All the same," he said, "You're entitled to a little free time yourself.
If we could convince him to give you free rein to helping us with him remaining totally in the dark, we'd both have what we want.
Give Daniel Brennan a free hand and we'll both have what we want.
Allowing a smile to escape, Yully pulled the necklace free.
Jule pulled his hands free from the handcuffs and tugged the blanket up.
He'd been afraid of scaring the beautiful redhead away if she saw he was free.
Feeling stupid, she touched the arrow and turned it into a string that she pulled free.
Surprised, she yanked her hand free.
I ran into the Original Vamp already and am under the impression all the Original Beings are free.
There was a pause, then Xander purred, "You know I do nothing for free."
He gave her a look that said he didn't have all the patience in the world then pulled her arm free again.
Her presence alone was already prodding free memories he'd thought he'd buried.
Fury bubbled within her, breaking free.
He struggled to free his arms from the invisible bonds, his eyesight darkening until he dropped into unconsciousness.
The truth settled into the pit of her stomach, along with the realization that she meant what she'd said—she would do whatever it took to free the man she loved.
You said you'd free him, she said.
Darian held his head, and she wrapped her arms around him, wishing she could protect him from the dark memories breaking free.
Her lightheadedness was gone and she was grateful his bloodsucking was pain free.
He slid her dress free, his hands moving over her body possessively before he lifted her and carried her to the bed.
She wrenched free of his hold and pushed him hard enough to slide out from between him and the wall.
The second dealer was moving closer, and she couldn't free herself from the thick arm wrapped around her.
Deidre shook her head, a smile slipping free.
She tugged her hands free and leaned into him, sobbing and shaking, unable to support herself.
Cynthia devoured every publication she could find on the subject and was looking forward to spending some quality time hiking the high country, if the demand of Bird Song's chores would allow snatches of free time.
The two mused over capturing a free half-day to hike the alpine meadows.
The roads up here haven't been free of snow all that long.
Dean planned to spend his free time biking, but changed his mind when he saw the crowds in town and remembered the traffic that would clog the narrow roads.
With his hands free, he unfastened the larger flashlight and pointed it downward, trying to find a path level enough to search further, now absent the security of the totally expended rope.
Dean's Jeep was at the uphill end of the line of cluttered vehicles and Lydia Larkin was long gone by the time he was free to leave.
You're a little light on free time yourself.
You said opinions are free.
Finally things calmed down enough to give Dean and his wife a few minutes of free time.
He reached around her and tugged free his favorite sweater.
Darkyn doesn't do shit for free.
Gabriel asked, unaware of the Dark One doing anyone favors for free.
One of the dealers grabbed the girl and pulled a knife free.
She managed to squirm free of his arms for a second and started to scream, but he clamped a grimy hand over her mouth.
The man who caused all this worry was still free.
With her body no longer active and demanding attention, her mind was free to wonder.
The best things might not be free, but they didn't always come in neat little packages, either.
Better than preying on the free will of humans.
Gabe pried the knife free and tossed it on the bed, reading the message.
"I did," Gabe said, allowing a trace of a smile to slip free.
She shook too hard to pull her phone free from her pocket and call for help.
Suddenly, they broke free.
I am a fan of free will, so it's your choice.
She paced and rolled her shoulders to free them of tension.
"Well, he'll be free to date," Deidre said.
You've done a lot of interfering for someone who believes in free will.
He had a bottle in his hand and twisted the cork free with little effort.
"You're so not funny!" she said, unable to stop the laugh that slipped free.
She reminded herself that the man named Darkyn promised to help for free, whichever way she decided to go.
Sometimes his brother let him out for a furlough, claimed he was free, and then yanked him back.
So you give me my power back but don't free me.
He didn't mistake his returned powers for a free favor.
He felt some peace knowing that --whatever Death wanted from him --she'd have to free him from Hell to get it.
She winced and pulled the towel free then turned on the water as hot as she could stand.
Completely free, she relaxed and accepted a glass of champagne from one of the wait staff and waded toward the buffet.
She pried glass free with shaking hands between sobs, then set her foot down and did the same for the other.
She wished, prayed he got free and ended her.
"If that's the case, why on earth would I bother to free any of you parasites?" she asked, too tired to stand.
It's only fair since you're free because of me.
You wouldn't be free if not for me.
You're alive, you're fed, and you're free.
Her body had been cut free and moved to the downstairs to await a hearse from Montrose.
With any luck, she would have the chores done before Alex was free.
I've been spending all my free time up here anyway, and that way you could give him some exercise when I'm not here.
Lana looked around to make sure no one was watching then pulled her micro free.
She screamed, attempting to twist free of his grip, but it was too tight.
Josh relaxed his grip and she jerked her arm free.
Climbing into the car he purchased for her, she headed out with the new bank account he had given her to do some guilt free shopping.
Jenn slammed onto her back, the sword flying free.
I cannot free you from here.
But Sirian was free, which meant whatever his plan was, he would soon have a chance to act.
Although several species belonging to the second class occasionally enter the bodies of water snails and other animals before reaching their definitive host, they undergo no alteration of form in this intermediate host; the case is different, however, in Filaria medinensis and other forms, in which a free larval is followed by a parasitic existence in two distinct hosts, all the changes being accompanied by a metamorphosis.
But think about how it could play out: If energy truly were free and unlimited, you could, for instance, power tractors everywhere in the world.
And in that future, I believe the world can have—in fact, will have—plentiful, free, clean energy that will result in dramatically lower costs for everything, everywhere.
My purpose is to explain the net effect of free trade, technological advance, and outsourcing on the overall economic system of the planet.
But if you can tolerate it, what follows will explain why free trade sometimes hurts the (net) world economy.
We have established that outsourcing, free trade, and technological advance all have the same effect on the system: They lower prices and increase net wealth.
The free enterprise system—the greatest creator of wealth the world has known—will continue to produce the material gains we enjoy today and to reward most those who serve their fellow humans best.
My eyes fill with tears now as I think how my mother pressed me close to her, speechless and trembling with delight, taking in every syllable that I spoke, while little Mildred seized my free hand and kissed it and danced, and my father expressed his pride and affection in a big silence.
I was so happy, so free, so lighthearted!
Rostov even noticed that Denisov did not like to be reminded of the regiment, or in general of that other free life which was going on outside the hospital.
To be free, released from Sonya...
If in a thousand years even one man in a million could act freely, that is, as he chose, it is evident that one single free act of that man's in violation of the laws governing human action would destroy the possibility of the existence of any laws for the whole of humanity.
"And I'm not free," she added under her breath.
Not sure where I am now, but I'm free and okay.
She sobbed, her emotions from the week's events breaking free.
You have free will.
"I don't get this whole free will thing," Katie complained when the cook returned.
It's not really free if the choice is made for you.
His gaze slid to the floor, and he shook his head ever so slightly, as if trying to shake free an unpleasant thought.
She felt him assess her before he pried her hand free and rested his there, sealing the wound.
"Free will's a bitch," Gabriel lamented.
Two months is all Kris asks, and I'm free.
Gabriel drew a long sword, and Darkyn pulled two free.
Break the bond, and Death will free you both.
Death would free them.
Death will free us both.
"Humans have free will," he reminded her.
She dropped a note into the absent secretary.s inbox then went to the first basement level, which housed supplies, clothing, and other essentials in the form of small department stores whose wares were free to all Immortals.
Gabriel had always been a free man; now the human- turned Immortal was a slave.
Didn.t realize I liked having some sort of free will.
But if you and Rhyn voluntarily break it, you.re free.
He fought until the yard was lit only by the castle.s outer lighting, then onward to dawn, free after so long restraining himself around the Immortals and humans.
She found herself ascending the servants. stairwell at a run, in case the Ully-demon was still stalking her, until she reached her floor, which appeared blessedly free of any signs of battle and death.
He strode through the halls and stairwells until he broke free of the castle.
Rhyn planted a knee in Jade.s chest and sliced his gag free.
He took her free arm and drew her away from his brother.
Was she really going to free some prisoner in exchange for a trip home?
Not only had she been dragged to another planet by her best friend, but now she was about to be betrayed by a prisoner she tried to free.
They broke free of the house into the dark night on a side of the house far from the light and merriment of the party.
"I'm not good enough to face you," she said, remembering how he'd beaten men bigger than him into a pulp to free her from Romas's clan.
She tugged her hand free to turn the page quickly.
Her heart fluttered at his words, and she grew excited about him wanting the type of relationship like she'd drawn, until she saw him fumbling with the page as if to pull it free.
She took the book from him and carefully pulled the page free.
She pushed the light away and shrugged, pulling her arm free.
Agitated, she glanced down, then back-- kneeling to pull a handful of it free.
I hear-tell you can ski for free once you're seventy.
Dean was just as glad to spend the day problem free.
All access to the gorge was free, funded by the generosity of private contributors, merchants and the equipment manufactures.
He grasped her wrist with his one free hand but she used the other.
He could picture her climbing onto the velvet chair, perhaps even smiling, before kicking it away, and waiting the few agonizing moments until death set her free.
Then, as if explaining her long distance telephone expenditure added, "She got a free phone card for listening to a time share pitch."
Fred picked up a pair of children's cross country skies from an ad in the paper and the group spent a number of after school afternoons on Red Mountain utilizing the free trails at Ironton.
Then you'd pull the free end of the line down to you.
She met his eyes and rasped, "Run," Jackson and Sarah both battled to break free, while Connor fought to remain calm.
He had no idea how long it would take her to regain consciousness, or, if even then, she would be strong enough to free herself, yet he saw no other option.
She swallowed down a sob and wiped her eyes free of tears.
"Before I go, you doing all right?" he asked, tucking the computer away and pulling free his weapons.
Arnie tripped, the content of his fist flying free over the boulders to the cliff's edge.
Elise grabbed at Arnie, who twisted free and followed Lana.
Brady reached into a cargo pocket and pulled free an emergency bandage wrap.
He glared at her, then unbuttoned his tac gear, pulling his arms free and pushing it down to his waist to reveal the dark T-shirt beneath.
She held her breath, slipped her hand into the pocket, and pulled the micro free.
"If I free you …" "I won't try anything.
Instead, he sat down on the couch and pulled the keypad free from his pocket.
He pulled her micro free from his cargo pocket and set it on the coffee table beside the keypad.
Lana fumbled with her harness and yanked it free, slogging through the rising water.
She gripped the doorway and pulled as hard as she could until her legs were free.
She planted them against the side of the helicopter and pushed free.
Lana's head broke free, and she pushed the water-breather up, gasping.
She pulled her micro free and rested her wet thumb against it until the screen unlocked; it worked.
She pulled her micro free again and looked for the nearest emerops.
Her heart began to beat even faster, and she pulled free the laser gun.
She was free of service to Tim, of the fourteen-hour days and political games.
He'd spent his life relatively alone, crossing between the underworld and human world as needed.  Death had been far from co-dependent, and he'd had free rein.  Until two days ago, when he crossed into the underworld with Katie slung across his shoulder.  He'd forgotten what it was to have someone completely dependent on him.
"Until Kris figures out how to send me back to Hell," Rhyn said, suspecting this was what his brother intended to do.  He couldn't be trusted free.
He turned, and she stopped.  With the tip of one dagger, he tugged a necklace free from the shirt hiding it.  On it was two small green gems.
She grimaced and took them.  Gabriel peeled off his heavy jacket as she chewed and watched him.  His hands absently traveled over all the places on his body where weapons were hidden and he pulled free a dagger with a jagged edge.
She pulled free the small knife the death-dealer gave her.
He entered the castle, and his step slowed as memories he'd buried wriggled free.
The forest was soon filled with the sound of pursuers.  Katie needed no further encouragement.  She pulled her arm free and ran behind Gabriel as he kept to the invisible path.  A shadow caught her attention.  She glanced over and froze, tripping.
Rhyn yanked the dart free and looked from it to the small welt forming on his arm.  It matched the welt on his other arm.  He gazed at his other arm for a long moment then strode to Toby's bag.  Snatching it, he unzipped it and dumped its contents onto the ground.  Alongside Toby's 3DS, a pair of clean underwear and socks, and gamers magazine was a small shaving bag.  Rhyn opened it, surprised to find a syringe and two small bottles, one empty and one filled with wine-colored solution.
"And the Immortals have thousands," she said.  She swiped at a branch that snaked in front of her.  "Do demons have to pretend to respect a human's free will like Immortals do?"
He withdrew a dagger and sliced it free of his neck then tossed it to her.
"Jared, free Gabe," Rhyn ordered.
Puzzled, he pulled the drive free of his PDA and reinserted it.  The single file within was still empty.  Kris tossed it on a table.
"I'll stay with you until we can see well enough to cut you free," she said.
We'll cut you free.  I'm sick of this shit.
The roots around Deidre's left foot snapped free.  Katie shoved it aside before it could change its mind and started on the roots around her right foot.  Deidre moved her foot with a look of pain.  She rubbed her ankle, and Katie cut her arm again.
By midmorning, Deidre was free.  Katie grimaced as she wrapped the dismembered sleeves of her sweater around her wounds.  Blood soaked the sweater quickly, and she held it over her head.  Even before she stood, she felt woozy.  Deidre tested herself and limped a few feet.  Katie steadied her breathing to keep from dropping to her knees.
"I spent years in Hell for a brother who hates me.  I'll do whatever it takes to free my only friend from Death, Gabe," Rhyn said firmly.
It now made sense how Ully had been able to free them and talk Jared into letting them go.  Toby had been too excited to find their escape too easy at the time, but now, he realized it was … weird.  He'd failed again.  He couldn't even escape on his own.
Toby hauled Katie up and tugged her forward.  Katie pulled free and grabbed Deidre just as the earth beneath her collapsed.  Katie slammed to the ground, holding Deidre as tightly as she could.
Rhyn looked up, and Kris charged him.  He knocked Rhyn to the ground, wrestling the dagger free, and lashed out.
"You swore you'd free her!" he whispered, stricken.
"We're twins, now, though I think you liked your family," Rhyn said and pulled free an emerald on a chain around his neck.
They were given reasonable service and whispered offers to, "Stay three nights, the next one's free, and we'll give you a receipt for four."
By the way, I'm free to ride down to Norfolk on Friday if you want a little company.
Fred had taken the geezer bus to Atlantic City—ten free silver dollars plus a free meal—so Dean was on his own for the early evening.
In spite of the disappointing weather Dean was determined to fit some serious biking into the salvaged half of what should have been a free weekend.
When he returned, Fred was holding down a pad of paper with his elbow and writing with his free hand.
If he wants to leave his wife, it's a free country.
She would be free to do as she pleased all day – after all the chores were done.
His free arm circled her shoulders and his eyes twinkled with mischief.
His free hand stroked her neck softly and slid down to the bodice of her blouse.
She jerked her arm free again and turned quickly to get away from him.
His temper was free and running and she tried to do the same, but he caught her and threw her on the hay.
Claire screamed, unable to pry her hands free of the axe's handle.
He fished around in the remains of Darian and yanked free something that glimmered silver in the early morning light.
It was wild and free, and Guardians could stay there, if they chose to.
The vamp growled again and flung down the free weights.
"I'm not leaving you," she snapped and yanked free.
I gave him free rein to do what he needs to.
She hesitated then reached into her shirt and pulled free the necklace marking her House in the immortal world.
She tugged a beer free from one of two six-packs and popped the top.
Free at last, she said with bitterness.
He held her until she cried herself free of tears, and her body relaxed in his arms.
To let her go free would've been a mistake.
She pulled it free and handed it to Jenn.
She couldn't sense them as she did when her magic was free, but she could dance the way Darian and Xander taught her.
Smashing her forehead against his nose, Jenn wrenched the knife free and drove it through him.
"I do nothing for free, Oracle," he growled finally.
You're not going to free me first, are you?
"I do nothing for free," Xander reminded her.
You must release me in order to be free yourself!
It yearns to be free again to destroy.
I would be foolish to let you free within my walls.
Taran cursed the animal again under his breath and blocked two strikes before they broke free of the footmen.
He wants to free his people of the madman who is his father.
Sami pulled her hands free and tossed both dagger and bonds, doing the same with the bonds around her ankles.
He drew a dagger and slashed their arms free.
She made no move to pull free despite his loose hold.
Vara gave a flurry of urgent words in the foreign tongue, succeeding in dragging him to the edge of the forest before Taran yanked free.
It had been many years - -before she inherited the demon - -since she was free of the cold block within her.
Rissa refuses to free him.
Taran waved the grizzled man in and retreated to the bed, pulling the book free.
Her body remained submerged while her head and shoulders were free.
They were slow to respond, and he sloshed free, wrestling the barrel to the Springs.
He waited until he was free of the meadow before raising two torches above his head.
With Rob and Aaron otherwise occupied, it left Gerald free to enjoy the evening with Alex, Carmen and the children.
There was little she could do at the moment with only one hand free – and that on the injured side - so she waited for a better opportunity.
That was when she jabbed him in the nose as hard as she could with her free hand.
Mahogany shelves full of dust free books surrounded them with the wisdom of many years.
If you gave me free rein I'd have every kind of animal there was.
I was in free flight there.
Given free rein to improvise as he saw fit, the law student had found the employee and created his own sting.
Information was obviously a free commodity in this area.
And speaking of hands, his were smooth and free of calluses.
You mean you'd pass up a free dinner just because it was a woman who did the asking?
She twisted free of his grip and moved away.
With great effort, he worked the knots free from her hair and braided it one last time.
Xander gingerly pulled the necklace free and rearranged her hair.
Did she cut him free as he was?
She pulled it free.
Xander pushed into the mind of Ingrid to plant thoughts that would leave him free of her.
He let an uneasy smile slip free.
Jonny faced her once more and pulled free a piece of paper from his pocket.
You're free to do whatever you want here.
Overly aware of his intent scrutiny, Jessi tried to act normal as she pulled a paring knife free from the block of sleek knives and sliced through the lemon.
Xander was pissed by the time she returned, aware he'd never be able to track her down if she didn't come back of her own free will.
She pulled it free to see Gerry had texted.
So I'm free to meet Gerry for lunch, too, if I want.
She tried to shake him free unsuccessfully.
He wrapped his free arm around her, pulling her to his side and effectively pinning her there.
She pulled her keys free from her purse and walked out.
Part of her hoped he was too tired to do anything, that he took a nap instead and she was able to free the necklace.
She pulled it free of her pocket, expecting to see a text from Ashley.
He pulled it free.
Her phone buzzed, and she pulled it free from her pocket as she walked.
Feel free to call, text or visit.
She sighed and pulled her hands free to wipe her eyes.
Ashley pulled free the bright projects.
She pulled it free to read the message.
She almost groaned as he worked the tension free.
She pushed at him, trying to get free.
She stuck it in her mouth and then pulled it free.
He took Jessi's arm then whipped out his cell with his free hand.
He pulled his shirt free.
Near tears, Jessi tugged the necklace free and held it out to him.
Xander launched forward, trying to shake free the hands that wrestled him away.
At last one Tommaso Baglioni, who had no work for his presses, undertook to print the manuscript, on condition that he should be free to leave off if more promising work offered itself.
The almshouses, known as St John's hospital, were founded in 1602; and in 1637 a free grammar school was endowed by Lady Grace Manners.
In most cases four spores are formed within the cell by free formation.
The "stinking fermentations" occasionally experienced in breweries probably arise from this, the free sulphur being derived from the hops.
The ovary consists of numerous carpels united together and free, or more or less embedded in the top of the flower-stalk.
It was largely owing to Consalvi's combined firmness and tact that the Concordat, as ultimately signed, was free from the objectionable clauses on which the First Consul had at first insisted.
From the free out-door life at Nohant she passed at thirteen to the convent of the English Augustinians at Paris, where for the first two years she never went outside the walls.
The motive of this and of the succeeding novels of what may be called her second period is free (not to be confounded with promiscuous) love.
His concordat with Florence (1516) guaranteed the free election of the clergy in that city.
The light actually emitted laterally is thus the same as would be caused by forces exactly the opposite of these acting on the medium otherwise free from disturbance, and it only remains to see what the effect of such force would be.
Turning to the thorax we find that the first segment (prothorax) is distinct and free, with a wide dorsal sclerite.
Several free libraries are maintained.
To ascertain how the increase in the voltage varies as the height in the free atmosphere increases, it is necessary to employ kites or balloons.
At great heights free balloons seem necessary.
Linss (6) found that an insulated conductor charged either positively or negatively lost its charge in the free atmosphere; the potential V after time t being connected with its initial value Vo by a formula of the type V = Voe - at where a is constant.
If V be the potential, p the density of free electricity at a point in the atmosphere, at a distance r from the earth's centre, then assuming statical conditions and neglecting variation of V in horizontal directions, we have r2 (d/dr) (r 2 dV/dr) - - 4.rp = o.
By the death of Harun in 809, Nicephorus was left free to deal with the Bulgarian king, Krum, who was harassing his northern frontiers.
He made free of the queen's rents and abducted Lord Traquair's daughter.
For this latter purpose he had chosen as his thesis the constitution of the free Lombard cities in the middle ages, the province in which he was destined to do most for the scientific study of history.
Salama, from which the word is derived appears in salaam, " peace be with you," the greeting of the East, and in Moslem, and means to be "free" - or "secure."
There were 67,044 Baptists (2226 United Baptists, 2019 Primitive Baptists and 1513 Free Baptists); 40,011 Roman Catholics; 1 9,993 United Brethren, all of the " New Constitution "; 19,668 Presbyterians; 13,323 Disciples of Christ; 6506 Lutherans, and 5230 Protestant Episcopalians.
Other officers are the clerk of the county court, elected for six years, the sheriff, who also acts as tax-collector and treasurer, the prosecuting attorney, one or two assessors, the surveyor of lands and the superintendent of free schools, all elected for the term of four years; the sheriff may not serve two consecutive full terms. In addition there are boards appointed or elected by various authorities and charged with specific duties.
Magdalen College School was established at the gates and as a part of the college, to be, like Eton, a free grammar school, free of tuition fees for all corners, under a master and usher, the first master being John Ankywyll, a married man, with a salary of CIO a year, the same as at Winchester and Eton.
According to Shafi`ite law, such a cadi must be a male, free, adult Moslem, intelligent, of unassailed character, able to see, hear and write, learned in the Koran, the traditions, the Agreement, the differences of the legal schools, acquainted with Arabic grammar and the exegesis of the Koran.
On the 7th of July he took his seat in the Assembly, and on the 2nd of October both he and Mirabeau were declared by the Assembly entirely free of any complicity in the events of October.
The youngest servant of the Company claimed the right of trading on his own account, free from taxation and from local jurisdiction, not only for himself but also for every native subordinate whom he might permit to use his name.
Bengal was prosperous, and free from external enemies on every quarter.
The German government in 1899 declared Kiaochow a free port.
One of the most essential points in a good micrometer is that all the webs shall be so nearly in the same plane as to be well in focus together under the highest powers used, and at the same time absolutely free from " fiddling."
Williamstown village is best known as the seat of Williams College, chartered in 1793 as a successor to a "free school" in Williamstown (chartered in 1785 and endowed by a bequest of Colonel Ephraim Williams).
Williams was killed in the battle of Lake George on the 8th of September 1 755, but while in camp in Albany, New York, a few days before the battle, he drew a will containing a small bequest for a free school at West Hoosac on condition that the township when incorporated should be called Williamstown.
The river, here the boundary between the Cape province and Orange Free State, is crossed by a stone bridge 860 ft.
After this the island began to furnish con siderable supplies of corn; it was treated as a conquered country, not containing a single free city, and the inhabitants were obliged to pay a tithe in corn and a further money contribution.
In the spring of 1848 he was in Germany, and on the outbreak of the revolutionary troubles he accepted the invitation of the government of Baden to take the command against the insurgent "free companies" (Freischaaren).
Sometimes the Catholic religion is declared to be the state religion, and at least the free and public exercise of its worship is guaranteed.
Several conventions guarantee the free communication of the bishops, clergy and laity with the Holy See; and this admits of the publication and execution of apostolic letters in matters spiritual.
It is the seat of the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station and of Hobart College (nonsectarian), which was first planned in 1812, was founded in 1822 (the majority of its incorporators being members of the Protestant Episcopal church) as successor to Geneva Academy, received a full charter as Geneva College in 1825, and was renamed Hobart Free College in 1852 and Hobart College in 1860, in honour of Bishop John Henry Hobart.
From this time onward he occupied himself with the composition of his chief work, The Light of Nature Pursued, of which in 1763 he published a specimen under the title of "Free Will."
Less resolute and reliable than his brother Guillaume, the cardinal had brilliant qualities, and an open and free mind.
One of the recommendations of Egmond the Abbey was the free exercise there allowed to the Catholic religion.
But there is one point in the human frame - a point midway in the brain, single and free, which may in a special sense be called the seat of the mind.
The office of reason is to give a true and distinct appreciation of the values of goods and evils; or firm and determinate judgments touching the knowledge of good and evil are our proper arms against the influence of the passions.3 We are free, therefore, through knowledge: ex magna lute in intellectu sequitur magna propensio in voluntate, and omnis peccans est ignorans.
In the universities of the Netherlands and of lower Germany, as yet free from the conservatism of the old-established seats of learning, the new system gained an easy victory over Aristotelianism, and, as it was adapted for lectures and examinations, soon became almost as scholastic as the doctrines it had supplanted.
The free grammar-school was founded in 1548 by William Ermysted, a canon of St Paul's, London.
The Roman emperors recognized it as a free state, and in the middle ages it was called Stampalia, and belonged to the noble Venetian family of Quirini.
Philip's removal had made all the hill-peoples of the north and west raise their heads and set the Greek states free from their fears.
It was, however, the need to ensure command of the sea and free all lines of communication behind him that determined Alexander's plan for the next campaign.
The free grammar school was founded in 1525.
Among public buildings, the Stephenson memorial hall (1879), containing a free library, art and science class-rooms, a theatre and the rooms of the Chesterfield Institute, commemorates George Stephenson, the engineer, who resided at Tapton House, close to Chesterfield, in his later life; he died here in 1848, and was buried in Trinity church.
In 1204 John gave the manor to William Bruere and granted to the town all the privileges of a free borough which were enjoyed by Nottingham and Derby; but before this it seems to have had prescriptive borough rights.
He was set free in 1667, but in the following year lie was again a prisoner, and he was in custody when he died on the 27th of October 1670.
Alkalis decompose it into picro-podophyllic acid and picro-podophyllin, minute traces of both of which occur in a free state in the rhizome.
William de Braose claimed to have a free market on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
They are: Methodist New Connexion (founded 1797-1798); Bible Christians (1815); United Methodist Free Churches 2 (about 1836); Primitive Methodists (founded 1807-1810); Independent Methodist Churches (about 1 806); Wesleyan Reform Union (1850, reorganized 1859).
On the whole, the preponderating preference has always been in favour of so-called extemporaneous, or free prayer; and the Westminster Directory of Public Worship has to a large extent stereotyped the form and order of the service in most Presbyterian churches.
Primary education is free and secular, and is compulsory for children of 6 to 14 years.
Secondary instruction is also free, but is not compulsory.
During the era of so-called " prosperity " between 1881 and 1890 an enormous amount of bank notes were issued under various authorizations, especially that of the " free banking law " of 1887.
From this port foreign merchandise found its way duty free into the Spanish provinces of Buenos Aires, Tucuman and Paraguay, and even into the interior of Peru.
At the same time all this country was opened to Spanish trade even with Peru, and the development of its resources, so long thwarted, was allowed comparatively free play.
A convention was signed in 1849, which secured the free navigation of the Parana and the independence of the Banda Oriental.
The dictator of Paraguay had quarrelled with Brazil for its intervention in the internal affairs of Uruguay, and he demanded free passage for his troops across refused, and alliance was formed between Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay, for joint action against Lopez.
Jurassic Oeuonian Volcanic Rock, country was free from outbursts, except in the regions of the Alps and Pyrenees.
A cure, in addition to his regular salary, received fees for baptisms, marriages, funerals and special masses, and had the benefit of a free house called a presbytre.
It left the government free either to apply to foreign countries the general tariff or to enter into negotiations with them for the application, under certain conditions, of a minimum tariff.
But in 1908, owing to the prevailing want of trained soldiers in France, it was proposed to set free the white troops in Algeria by applying the principles of universal service to the natives, as in Tunis.
Primary Inslruction.All primary public instruction is free and compulsory for children of both sexes between the ages of six and thirteen, but if a child can gain a certificate of primary studies at the age of eleven or after, he may be excused the rest of the period demanded by law.
Persons keeping private primary schools are free with regard to their methods, programmes and books employed, except that they may not use books expressly prohibited by the superior council of public instruction.
The most important free institution in this class is the cole des Sciences Politiques, which prepares pupils for the civil services and teaches a great number of political subjects, connected with France and foreign countries, not included in the state programmes.
In the provinces there are national schools of fine art and of music and other establishments and free subventioned schools.
The ratio of representation fixed by the original constitution was i to 30,000 of the free population, and the number of the members of the first House was 65.
The non-incorporated members are within the municipal jurisdiction of the ports to which they are attached; but the corporate members are as free within their own liberties as the individual ports themselves.
A fort was erected here in the 16th century to prevent the incursions of the free Cossacks and runaway serfs who gathered on the lower Volga, as also the raids of the Kalmucks and Circassians.
In the upper jaw the first two with crowns having a triangular free surface; the last small, simple, narrow and placed transversely.
Hind-feet rather long and slender, with a well-developed opposable and nailless first toe;: second and third digits united, with sharp, compressed curved claws; the fourth and fifth free, with small flat nails.
There are a grammar school, a free school and a number of charities.
This acid cannot be isolated in the free condition, but many of its salts are known.
By a happy lot, all persons travel to an end free of toil.
Though Rhodes continued a free town for another century, its commercial prosperity was crippled and a series of extensive earthquakes after A.D.
Instruction at state schools is either free or at merely nominal cost, and high schools, technical colleges and agricultural colleges are maintained by appropriations from the general revenues of the states.
The colony, however, from 1821 had made a fair start in free industrial progress.
They were naval or military officers in command of the garrison, the convicts and the few free settlers.
Trade between the federated colonies to be absolutely free.
Within two years uniform customs duties were to be imposed; thereafter the parliament of the Commonwealth had exclusive power to impose customs and excise duties, or to grant bounties; and trade within the Commonwealth was to be absolutely free.
The Labour movement in Australia may be traced back to the early days when transportation was in vogue, and the free immigrant and the time-expired convict objected to the competition of the bond labourer.
Naturally, however, as the ideals of the members of the party are the same, the members of the Labour party will be generally found voting together on all important divisions, the chief exception being with regard to free trade or protection.
Tuition in the institute is free; board and living cost $8.50 a month; day students are allowed to "work-out" $1.50-$3.00 a month of this amount, and night students may thus pay all their expenses.
The strip of coast from the mouth of the Scheldt to that of the Ems remained, however, in the hands of the free Frisians (q.v.), in alliance with whom against the Franks were the Saxons, who, pressing forward from the east, had occupied a portion of the districts known later as Gelderland, Overyssel and Drente.
In the bishopric of Utrecht, in Gelderland and Friesland, the privileges accorded to Utrecht, Groningen, Zutphen, Stavoren, Leeuwarden followed rather on the model of those of the Rhenish " free cities " than of the Franco-Flemish commune.
Alva was now free to deal with rebellion in the north.
In 1529 he produced a free version (Klagbrief der armen Diirftigen in England) of the famous Supplycacyon of the Beggers, written abroad (1528 ?) by Simon Fish.
On the east coast the force of the north-east monsoon, which beats upon the shores of the China Sea annually from November to February, has kept the land for the most part free from mangroves, and the sands, broken here and there by rocky headlands thickly wooded, and fringed by casuarina trees, stretch for miles without interruption.
Of 147,223 communicants of all churches in 1906, the largest number, 82,272, were Roman Catholics, 22,109 were Congregationalists, 17,471 Methodist Episcopalians, 8450 Baptists, 1501 Free Baptists and 5278 Protestant Episcopalians.
The state is practically free from debt, the only obligation of this character being $ 1 35,5 00 in 6% bonds, payable in 1910, which were issued in behalf of the Agricultural College.
The first private state bank was opened in 1817; an act of 1831 provided for a safety fund guaranteeing bank circulations and derived from a 41% tax on capital stock and a 1 o% tax on profits; but this law was modified in 1842, the tax being removed from banks giving specie guarantees; and a free banking act was passed in 1851.
It abounds in fish, but its banks are somewhat deserted and not free from malaria.
The free acid, which is obtained by treating the salts with acids, is an oily liquid smelling like prussic acid; it is very explosive, and the vapour is poisonous to about the same degree as that of prussic acid.
It was provided that the hundred court of Powdershire should always be held there and two fairs at the feasts of St Peter in Cathedra and St Barnabas, both of which are still held, and a Tuesday market (now held on Friday) and that it should be a free borough rendering a yearly rent to the earl of Cornwall.
The free alkaloid is strongly laevo-rotatory.
The antagonism between free labour and slave labour became the theme of many of his speeches.
It is then carefully dried by the free action of the air, and when dry built into long narrow stacks until needed for use.
The oak in Europe is liable to injury from a great variety of insect enemies: the young wood is attacked by the larvae of the small stag-beetle and several other Coleoptera, and those of the wood-leopard moth, goat moth and other Lepidoptera feed upon it occasionally; the foliage is devoured by innumerable larvae; indeed, it has been stated that half the plant-eating insects of England prey more or less upon the oak, and in some seasons it is difficult to find a leaf perfectly free from their depredations.
Oliver was born on the 25th of April 1599, was educated under Dr Thomas Beard, a fervent puritan, at the free school at Huntingdon, and on the 23rd of April 1616 matriculated as a fellow-commoner at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, then a hotbed of puritanism, subsequently studying law in London.
Large steps were made towards the union of the two kingdoms by the representation of Scotland in the parliament at Westminster; free trade between the two countries was established, the administration of justice greatly improved, vassalage and heritable jurisdictions abolished, and security and good order maintained by the council of nine appointed by the Protector.
He preferred that Englishmen should be free rather than sober by compulsion.
From 1835 to 1838 he edited The Reformation, a radically partisan publication, devoted to free trade and the extreme states' rights theory.
With this " free " wave is combined a " forced " wave, generated, by the direct action of the sun and moon, within the Atlantic area itself.
The vilayet suffered severely during the Russian occupation of 1878, when, apart from the natural dislocation of commerce, many of the Moslem cultivators emigrated to Asia Minor, to be free from their alien rulers.
We hope that you enjoy and learn from this free online encyclopedia and that it becomes one of your favorite places for reference information.
On the what's new page, you are free to write what you want, as long as it is related to the subject.
The free use of discords and of wider intervals, together with the influence of the florid elements of solo-singing, enlarged the bounds of choral expression almost beyond recognition, while they crowded into very narrow quarters the subtleties of 16th-, century music. These, however, by no means disappeared; :and such devices as the crossing of parts in the second Kyrie of Bach's B Minor Mass (bars 7, 8, 14, 15, 22, 23, 50) abundantly show that in the hands of the great masters artistic truths are not things which a change of date can make false.
While the majority of the Nematodes are parasites, there are many that are never at any period of their life parasitic. These free-living forms are found everywhere - in salt and fresh water, in damp earth and moss, and among decaying substances; they are always minute in size, and like many other lower forms of life, are capable of retaining their vitality for a long period even when dried, which accounts for their wide distribution; this faculty is also possessed by certain of the parasitic Nematodes, especially by those which lead a free existence during a part of their life-cycle.
The parasitic and free-living Nematodes are connected by transitional forms which are free at one stage of their existence and parasitic at another; they may be divided into two classes those that are parasitic in the larval state but free when adult, and those that are free in the larval state but parasitic when adult.
The worm inhabits the lung of the frog and toad, and is hermaphrodite (Schneider) or parthenogenetic (Leuckart); the embryos hatched from the eggs find their way through the lungs into the alimentary canal and thence to the exterior; in a few days they develop into a sexual larva, called a Rhabditiform larva, in which the sexes are distinct; the eggs remain within the uterus, and the young when hatched break through its walls and live free in the perivisceral cavity of the mother, devouring the organs of the body until only the outer cuticle is left; this eventually breaks and sets free the young, which are without teeth, and have therefore lost the typical Rhabditis form.
The female is viviparous, and the young, which, unlike the parent, are provided with a long tail, live free in water; it was formerly believed from the frequency with which the legs and feet were attacked by this parasite that the embryo entered the skin directly from the water, but it has been shown by Fedschenko, and confirmed by Manson, Leiper and others, that the larva bores its way into the body of a Cyclops and there undergoes further development.
In this case the chain is not coiled, but simply passes over the lifting wheel, the free end hanging loose.
It is now possible to apply motive power exactly where it is wanted, and to do so economically, so that the crane designer has a perfectly free hand in adding the various motions required by the special circumstances of each case.
As late as the accession of Assur-bani-pal and Samas-sum-yukin we find the Babylonians appealing to their city laws that groups of aliens to the number of twenty at a time were free to enter the city, that foreign women once married to Babylonian husbands could not be enslaved and that not even a dog that entered the city could be put to death untried.
These children were free, in any case, and their mother could not be sold, though she might be pledged, and she was free on her master's death.
Free women might marry slaves and be dowered for the marriage.
The children were free, and at the slave's death the wife took her dowry and half what she and her husband had acquired in wedlock for self and children; the master taking the other half as his slave's heir.
A betrothed girl, seduced by her prospective father-in-law, took her dowry and returned to her family, and was free to marry as she chose.
A brander, induced to remove a slave's identification mark, could swear to his ignorance and was free.
If the looped lines are both in good condition and free from leakage, the current sent out on line r will be exactly equal to the current received back on line 2; and as these currents will have equal but opposite effects on the galvanometer needle, no deflection of the latter will be produced.
But the mere paying out of sufficient slack is not a guarantee that the cable will always lie closely along the bottom or be free from spans.
Operators who used the recorder soon learned to read the message by the click of the armature against its stop, and as this left the hands and eyes free to write, reading by sound was usually preferred.
The relay tongue, being perfectly free to move, can be actuated by a comparatively weak current.
The general principle on which the instruments for working long submarine cables are based is that of making the moving parts very light and perfectly free to follow the comparatively slow rise and fall of the electric impulses or waves.
He showed that if an antenna were constructed with a short part of its length vertical and the greater part horizontal, the lower end of the vertical part being earthed, and if oscillations were created in it, electric waves were sent out most powerfully in the plane of the antenna and in the direction opposite to that in which the free end pointed.
The box is thus entirely closed at the front, while the front carbon disk, which constitutes an electrode, is perfectly free to follow the motions of the diaphragm.
The latter names a disengaged junction circuit, then " tests " the line of the wanted subscriber, and if she finds it free, finally completes the connexion and rings the subscriber.
If there be a line free, or when the turn of the call is reached, particulars of the connexion wanted are passed to the distant end, and the trunk operators request the local exchanges to connect the subscribers by means of junction I F..?
The company consented to free intercommunication between its subscribers and those of the Post Office, and undertook to charge rates identical with those charged by the Post Office.
The subscriber pays a fixed annual rent which covers a certain number of free out - ward calls, say boo; additional calls he purchases in advance in blocks of several hundred at so much per hundred, the price being reduced as the number increases.
Free intercommunication was established by the agreement between the subscribers of the company and those of the Post Office, and a scale of charges was adopted or arranged to be agreed as binding on both the Post Office and the company.
Leo; on the other hand, Thomas of Celano's two Lives are free from the "tendencies" ascribed to them by Sabatier, and that of 1248 was written with the collaboration of Leo and the other companions; thus the best sources of information are those portions of the Speculum that can with certainty be carried back to Br.
The total salt production in 1902 was 458,497 tons, of which 248,2i5 were produced in the government salt factories and the rest in the free salt-works of Sicily.
In both the instruction is free They are maintained by the communes, sometimes with state help.
The professors are ordinary and extraordinary, and free professors (liberi docenti), corresponding to the German Privatdozenten, are also allowed to be attached to the universities.
Senators and deputies receive no salary but have free passes on railways throughout Italy and on certain lines of steamers.
These establishments are, however, unsatisfactory, being mostly situated on small islands, where it is often difficult to find work for the coatti, who are free by day, being only confined at night.
Not to mention Venice, which has not yet entered the Italian community, and remains a Greek free city, Genoa and Pisa were rapidly rising into ill-defined autonomy.
As the bishops had helped to free them from subservience to their feudal masters, so the war of investitures relieved them of dependence on their bishops.
This body tends to stitution become a little state within the state, and, by conof the free trolling the victorious majority, disposes of the cities, government as it thinks best.
In Tuscany, where the Guelph party was very strongly organized, and the commercial constitution of Florence kept the nobility in check, the communes remained as yet free from hereditary masters.
Thus free thought received a check, by which not only ecclesiastical but political tyrants knew how to profit.
Of free commonwealths there now survived only Venice, which, together with Spain, achieved for Europe the victory of Lepanto in 1573; Genoa, which, after the ineffectual Fieschi revolution in 1547, abode beneath the rule of the great Doria family, and held a feeble sway in Corsica; and the two insignificant republics of Lucca and San Marino.
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
Who Said “The Truth Shall Set You Free”? The quote “And the truth shall set you free.” comes from the Bible, John 8:32. Different Bibles with different translators have slightly altered variations of this quote; however, they all reference the same idea. The truth is meant to represent Christianity, God or Jesus which will set you free from worldly impediments such as sin, misery, or ignorance. Free ESL Classes Online Many students of the English language look for free ESL classes online. For many people who grew up in the last two decades, the online world has become a very familiar place where they can interact with a variety of people in a way that seems very natural and comfortable. Also Mentioned In insinuatoryliberfree tradeAmerican Stock Exchangecowpoketripindirtlessbeachweftcellular vsfree spacetusk Words near free in the Dictionary Fred Karno's armyFredholm theoryFredkin gatefrederikseniifredrickfredrikssonitefreefree abelian groupfree agenciesfree agencyfree-agentfree-agents
