Sir Jeremy has called the war " politically illegitimate " and his book is being blocked.
Top Gear With Jeremy Clarkson the driving seat, Top Gear is complete with his customary irreverence, wit and unbiased honesty.
Jeremy claeys in the us labor force participation once you find.
Jeremy Smyth and Lynda Low, both silver medalists in 2001, took fourth and fifth in the 2003 javelin and hammer events respectively.
The cause of Jeremy's collapse remains a mystery.
This article from former oilman Jeremy Leggett in The Independent goes beyond the usual cry of " we're running out of oil!
More successful was the hunt for an appropriate postcard from which to make the pastel that is seen behind Jeremy in the picture.
Jeremy has grown up with the marmalade sandwich eating bear thanks to his Mom who designed the first ever Paddington in 1972.
The world is an exciting and confusing place for Jeremy Clarkson - a man who can find the overgrown schoolboy in us all.
Jeremy, many were quick to reveal, was not wearing the kilt ~ it was a lady's kilted skirt.
Jeremy Paxman is paid huge sums to keep his mouth shut.
Radio interview transcript - Jeremy Vine, Radio 2, Weds 31 March 2004.
Even Jeremy Bentham, restive under appeals to vague and intangible standards, breaks out in despairing indignation against the word " ought " as " the talisman of arrogance, indolence point of the particular theist who speaks to the ques tion.
Jeremy Taylor with a life of the author and a critical examination of his writings was published by Bishop Reginald Heber in 1822, reissued after careful revision by Charles Page Eden (1847-54).
The fault of the 1 7th-century sermon was a tendency, less prominent in Jeremy Taylor than in any other writer, to dazzle the audience by a display of false learning and by a violence in imagery; the great merit of its literary form was the fullness of its vocabulary and the richness and melody of style which adorned it at its best.
In Alsace-Lorraine German-speaking immigrants are gradually displacing, under 1 Schemes of thinkers, like William Penn's European Parliament (1693); the Abbe St Pierre's elaboration (c. 1700) of Henry IV.'s " grand design " (see supra); Jeremy Bentham's International Tribunal (1786-1789); Kant's Permanent Congress of Nations and Perpetual Peace (1796); John Stuart Mill's Federal Supreme Court; Seeley's, Bluntschli's, David Dudley Field's, Professor Leone Levi's, Sir Edmund Hornby's co-operative schemes for promoting law and order among nations, have all contributed to popularizing in different countries the idea of a federation of mankind for the preservation of peace.
In the first place, owing to the general disuse of such ministrations, there were none among the English clergy who had experience in delicate questions of conscience; and there had been no treatment of casuistry since Sanderson and Jeremy Taylor (see Casuistry).
Jeremy Beecham said that not continuing the £ 200 council tax rebate for pensioners was a mistake.
Finally Jeremy was solid in second place to secure the runner-up spot, a good result for the home club.
Chris has been disastrously affected by altitude, Jeremy by the stubborn sea urchin spines.
Every so often they mutter dead words, in sepulchral tones: Why, Jeremy?
Jeremy, many were quick to reveal, was not wearing the kilt ~ it was a lady 's kilted skirt.
I recently found Jeremy slumped in front of his computer.
I find solace in the fact that even Jeremy Clarkson has admitted that he has no clue on how a car works.
Jeremy has cooked lasagna, followed by fresh strawberries.
Jeremy also has experience in soil science work including topsoil manufacture and re-use.
Jeremy Staunton 's touchline conversion pulled the gap back to just five points.
Between 1812 and 1822 Bello transcribes the manuscripts of Jeremy Bentham and gave private English and French classes.
This interview was special to me because of Jeremy 's unrelenting assault on how you can bring meaning to your life everyday.
Too Faced is a trendy and sophisticated cosmetic line founded by two men, Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, both well known professionals in the cosmetic industry.
Jeremy Piven is quite possibly the king of all bad tippers.
Their three other children, Jeremy, Molly and Jacob, are all of average height.
He played younger brother Ben on TV's Growing Pains, but now that he's all grown up Jeremy Miller is not currently focused on acting.
The screenplay was originally written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, was rewritten by Jeremy Garelick and Todd Phillips.
Jurassic Park 4, according to the New York Times, includes a cast with Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Emmy Rossum, and Jeremy Piven.
Jeremy is wrestling with a drug addiction and Elena is trying to feel connected to the world again.
She and her younger brother Jeremy live with their mother's much younger sister Jenna Sommers.
Pilot - Stefan Salvatore arrives for his first day at Mystic Falls High while Elena and Jeremy Gilbert cope with their first day back to school after a summer of mourning.
Haunted - Elena and Jeremy's lives are in danger as Halloween comes to Mystic Falls.
The heartbreak is almost too much for Jeremy to bear and Elena turns to Damon to fix it.
Anna continues to stalk Jeremy to get her hands on the Gilbert journal.
Anna uses Jeremy to get access to the Gilbert house and kidnaps Elena to use as leverage against Bonnie and the Salvatores.
Jeremy befriended one in the library (Anna), while another works as a bartender at the Mystic Grill and seeks to court Bonnie.
He also struck up a relationship with Jeremy Gilbert, Elena's younger brother that is both mentoring and investigative.
Although she never married Jeremy Hunter, Erica used a wedding as a device to try and help break her lover out of prison.
Her love affair with Jeremy was among Erica's more interesting relationships.
But when Jeremy went to prison for a crime he didn't commit, Erica uses a faux wedding to stage a prison break.
Jeremy refuses to go with her, however, and their relationship ends.
Haunted is the end of Vicki's tale as her lust for blood drives her to attack Jeremy and later Elena.
The death of Vicki, although it occurred much earlier in the season, was given greater depth as her loss affected Matt, Jeremy and Tyler.
Denise - She struggles with her abusive son, Jeremy, and he decides to join the Army, She goes back to school to become a nurse.
Claudia Joy -She and Michael aren't happy about their daughter Amanda's relationship with Jeremy.
Amanda breaks up with Jeremy, then stops in the bar on her way to college and dies in a bombing.
Jeremy comes home struggling with what he faced during the war.
Denise - She and Frank try to help Jeremy deal with the loss of his friend and fight for his own life.
Jeremy gets a promotion and wants to reenlist.
Denise unexpectedly gets pregnant and goes into labor while she's on the phone with Jeremy.
Elena's brother Jeremy became aware of vampires.
Masquerade - After several episodes of build up, Stefan, Damon, Jeremy, Bonnie, Caroline and Alaric work together to defeat Katherine.
Damon interfered to save her and Stefan rescued Jeremy from the tomb, only to trap himself with Katherine.
Jeremy and Zach - Jeremy and Zach are twins, but they are very different.
Jeremy is average height and Zach is a little person.
Traci Bingham won the competition, beating out Ron Jeremy in the finals.
Jeremy Jackson was born on October 16, 1980 in Newport Beach, California.
Piers Morgan was punched three times by British celebrity Jeremy Clarkson over accusations Morgan made about Clarkson's personal and professional life.
Zach's twin Jeremy does not have any form of dwarfism.
Zach also has dwarfism, while Jeremy, Molly, and Jacob do not.
Than Merrill, a former NFL player for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Chicago Bears started a flipping company with friends Paul and JD Esajian and partners Jeremy Black and Lori Parks.
Later novels would expand her world with new narrators from Paige to Lucas to Hope, Jaime and Jeremy.
I wanted to deal with Jeremy's heritage, but I also moved the fox maidens out of his life indefinitely, sending them on a wild goose chase.
Ceara found herself tangled and in love with Jeremy Hunter, even making the jump with him to sister soap Loving in 1991.
The band has also performed in numerous concerts and events such as Creation Festival Northwest, Jeremy Camp's Beyond Measure tour, Winter Wonder Slam with TobyMac, Rock the Desert, and Rock the Universe.
At her new school, she met brothers Zac and Josh Farro and friend Jeremy Davis.
Shortly after signing the deal, bass player and founding member Jeremy Davis left the group.
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
Jeremy Bentham The English philosopher, political theorist, and jurist Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832) expounded the ethical doctrine known as utilitarianism. Partly through his work many political, legal, and penal reforms were enacted by Parliament. Examples of Works Cited Pages in MLA Format Works cited pages appear at the end of a research paper. Works cited means the same as references but it differs from a bibliography. A works cited page is a list of the works that you referenced in the body of your paper, whereas a bibliography is a list of all sources you used in your research. Also Mentioned In addressSpammerssteelJEMjezzerusejeremiasjeremitayloricallyJerrybenthamiteconsisutil Words near jeremy in the Dictionary jeremejevitejeremiadjeremiadsjeremiahjeremiasjeremitayloricallyjeremyjeremy-diddlerjeremy-diddlersjerepigojerepigosjerez
