Book-keeping by double entry may have been known to Stevinus as clerk at Antwerp either practically or through the medium of the works of Italian authors like Lucas Paccioli and Girolamo Cardan.
The same year the executors of Henry Lucas, who, according to the terms of his will, had founded a mathematical chair at Cambridge, fixed upon Barrow as the first professor; and although his two professorships were not inconsistent with each other, he chose to resign that of Gresham College, which he did on the 20th of May 1664.
"West Africa," by C. P. Lucas (Oxford, 1900); and the Annual Reports, Ashanti, issued from 1906 onward by the Colonial Office, London.
It contains the municipal museum, among the chief treasures of which is a Luther Bible illustrated by Lucas Cranach the younger.
One of his daughters, Mary St Leger Kingsley (Mrs Harrison), has become well known as a novelist under the pseudonym of "Lucas Malet."
In St Peter's are the famous altar-piece by Rubens, representing the Crucifixion of St Peter, several works by Lucas van Leyden, and some old German glass-paintings.
Eliza Lucas Pinckney (c. 1722-1793) was the daughter of Lieut.-Colonel George Lucas of the British army, who about 1738 removed from Antigua to South Carolina, where he acquired several plantations.
Several of his finest portrait-drawings in chalk or charcoal, including those of his brother artists Lucas Van Leyden and Bernard Van Orley, as well as one of two fine portrait paintings of men, belong to the period of this journey.
One of the former, the Stadt Kirche, contains paintings by Lucas Cranach and the tomb of Catherine von Bora, the wife of Luther.
The Van Eycks, followed by Memling, Metsys, Mabuse, Lucas van Leyden, struck out a new path in the revival of painting and taught Europe the secret of oil-colouring.
Brothers Lucas, Blahoslav and Jaffet, as well as Augusta, a bishop of the community, have left us numerous controversial works.
Financial embarrassments a short time afterward caused Byllynge to assign his shares in trust for his creditors to three Quakers, William Penn, Gawen Lawrie and Nicholas Lucas.
The principal other public buildings are the church of St Margaret with a beautiful portal and a lofty tower, founded in the 12th century, twice burnt down, and rebuilt in its present form in 1652; the church of the Augustinian convent, with an altar-piece by the painter Simon Jacobs; the theatre; the fire insurance bank and the life insurance bank; the ducal palace, in the Italian villa style, with a winter garden and picture gallery; the buildings of the ducal legislature; the hospital; the old town-hall, dating from the i ith century; the old residence of the painter Lucas Cranach, now used as a girls' school; the ducal stable; and the Friedrichsthal palace, now used as public offices.
It seems needless to give references to the voluminous discussion in newspapers and periodicals concerning the authenticity of a wax bust of Flora acquired in 1909 for the Berlin Museum and unfortunately ascribed to Leonardo da Vinci, its real author having been proved by external and internal evidence to be the Englishman Richard Cockle Lucas, and its date 1846.
On the Parliamentary right, Goring had swept away the Yorkshire horse, and although most of his troopers had followed in disorderly pursuit, Sir Charles Lucas with some squadrons was attacking the exposed right of Leven's infantry.
The publication of these discoveries led to a series of controversies which lasted for several years, in which Newton had to contend with the eminent English natural philosopher Robert Hooke; Lucas, mathematical professor at Liege; Linus, a physician in Liege, and many others.
Newton carried on the discussion with the objectors with great courtesy and patience, but the amount of pain which these perpetual discussions gave to his sensitive mind may be estimated from the fact of his writing on the 18th of November 1676 to Oldenburg: " I promised to send you an answer to Mr Lucas this next Tuesday, but I find I shall scarce finish what I have designed, so as to get a copy taken of it by that time, and therefore I beg your patience a.
I see I have made myself a slave to philosophy, but if I get free of Mr Lucas's business, I will resolutely bid adieu to it eternally, excepting what I do for my private satisfaction, or leave to come out after me; for I see a man must either resolve to put out nothing new, or to become a slave to defend it."
He succeeded Charles Lucas in 1890 at the Academy of Moral and Political Science.
See the Annual Reports on the colony published by the colonial office, London, which give the latest official information; C. P. Lucas's Historical Geography of the British Colonies, vol.
Originally part of Zululand the district of Vryheid was ceded by Dinizulu to a party of Boers under Lucas Meyer, who aided him to crush his opponents, and was proclaimed an independent state under the title of the New Republic in 1884.
Sir William and Lady Lucas were speedily applied to for their consent; and it was bestowed with a most joyful alacrity.
Dominic Matteo has just come back to first-team football and he was joined by another long-term absentee, Lucas Radebe.
Brian lucas | 23 December 2005 at 12:30 am # What or who is a denier?
Boba's pose is, in a way, emblematic of Lucas's blatant disrespect for Star Wars fans.
The Prize recognized the seminal contributions Adrian and his teacher, Keith Lucas, had made to the embryonic field of single cell electrophysiology.
The ' Lucas ' switch has an integral non detachable escutcheon.
There's a solid state electronic gizmo inside its original Lucas CVC box.
But Jonathan Woodgate was out of contention with a sore heel and was replaced at the heart of defense by Lucas Radebe.
Kali training - demonstrated by Lucas Castrounis with one of his students, Dan Creswell.
Jon Lucas, Bristol East GP This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 License.
But Dr. Lucas criticized the timing of the report and said a fundamental mismatch between regional transport and economic policy rendered the strategy incoherent.
In an act of justice, the wizard ant Zoc magically shrinks Lucas to the size of an ant.
Although overall this video does n't sizzle to quite the degree of Lucas ' best work, it's still mandatory viewing.
All of the lobster tails breaded george lucas science-fiction the rocks along.
To earn his freedom Lucas must learn how to live among the colony and sur vive the perils of the insect world.
In May Sir James Lucas Yeo (1732-1818) came out from England with some Soo officers and men, to organize a squadron for service on the Lakes.
Bellin, Description ge'ographique des debouquements au nord de St Dominique (1768); the Jamaica Handbook (London, yearly) and Sir C. P. Lucas, Historical Geography of the British Colonies, vol.
His attention having been drawn to questions of authenticity by the forgeries of Vrain Lucas, he devoted himself to tracing the spurious documents that encumbered and perverted Merovingian and Carolingian history.
Filmmakers such as James Cameron and George Lucas used to talk about putting off film projects to wait for the computer technology to catch up to their visions.
Sideshow Collectibles and Lucas Francis Studio have partnered to create the life-size T-800 Endoskeleton replica.
Although overall this video does n't sizzle to quite the degree of Lucas ' best work, it 's still mandatory viewing.
We are as disoriented as Alain is, and Lucas is terrific as a guy whose world is subtly upended around him.
This left mom, Carol, as a widow, to take care of her remaining family, Adam, Jacqueline, Lucas, and Hannah.
During the 1980s, Corey Haim made a splash on the big screen in films like Silver Bullet, Lucas and The Lost Boys.
Although now it's impossible to imagine anyone but Harrison Ford as Han Solo, he wasn't George Lucas' first pick for the role.
Lucas and Ford knew each other from working together on another now classic film, American Graffiti.
Lucas was very impressed by the young actor's talents and asked Ford to come and read for the part of Han Solo, even though he originally had Kurt Russell, Christopher Walken and Nick Nolte in mind for the part.
Speidi, as the couple is known to their fans, called in to Ryan Seacrest's radio show recently to share their experiences from Cabo San Lucas.
The tape itself was recorded by Ray J and Kardashian, while they were on vacation in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
She was soon hired to play, the daughter of Dennis Quaid and Sharon Stone in Cold Creek Manor (2003), and to play Lila in Undertow (2004) opposite Dermot Mulroney, Josh Lucas and Jamie Bell.
Clearly, there's something about the George Lucas films that attract youngsters and fuels their desire to own anything and everything related to Star Wars.
Similar in size and layout to the Carnival Paradise, the Carnival Elation offers four and five-night sailings to Baja California, including visits to Ensenada and Cabo San Lucas.
One of the cruise line's largest ships, the Carnival Pride offers seven-night sailings from Long Beach to spectacular Mexican Riviera destinations, including cruises to Puerto Vallarta, Cabo San Lucas, and Mazatlan.
This scenic region includes Puerto Vallarta, Ixtapa, Acapulco, Mazatlan, and Cabo San Lucas.
Radiance of the Seas is the Royal Caribbean ship which travels from San Diego, California to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
Radiance of the Seas then calls at Mexican ports in Ensenada and Cabo San Lucas.
Seven Night Mexican Riviera Cruise: The seven night Mexican Riviera cruise departs from port in Los Angeles and stops in ports in Mexico including Cabo San Lucas, Mazatlan, and Puerto Vallarta.
Mazatlan: This charming fishing village is situated across the Sea of Cortez from Cabo San Lucas.
Cabo San Lucas: Cabo San Lucas is situated at the southernmost tip of the Baja California peninsula.
Though there is a significant distance between San Diego and Cabo San Lucas, the four day excursion enables passengers to quickly cruise to the end of the longest peninsula on earth.
Friday is a fun day at sea, and then the ship arrives in Cabo San Lucas on Saturday at 8 am.
Cabo San Lucas offers an extraordinary array of enticing shore activities for people of all ages.
This cruise also features stops in Cabo San Lucas, Huatulco, Puerto Quetzal and Cartagena.
If you can extend the cruise slightly, such as to a five-day cruise, you may be able to book a cruise to Cabo San Lucas on board several cruise lines.
One of his other appearances is in the role of Lucas Douglas on House.
Star Wars creator George Lucas played a major role in developing the film for Star Tours II.
Indigo Prophecy is about Lucas Kane, who's your average IT man working in New York City.
Amplifying the phrase, "wrong place at the wrong time", the intro movie has Lucas sitting in a diner's bathroom having a seizure and stabbing crazy symbols on his arms.
Some random guy walks in, Lucas loses control and kills him.
Lucas seems to be in a trance and when he snaps out of it, he is confused by the scene around him.
Besides the tormented Lucas, you will get to play (for a short time) Detectives Tyler Miles and Carla Velinti.
Often times you'll get to use Lucas' psychic ability.
When you're talking to someone, Lucas can hear what the person is thinking.
The better you do, the better Lucas can hear the thoughts.
And I don't mean Dark Forces for PS1, because I have to pay Lucas $7 to use the name.
If you haven't gotten enough Lego Lucas by now, fear not!
If you're a medium- to hard-core Star Wars fan, you pretty much know what Lucas' movie, Revenge of the Sith, is about.
Dialogue is wooden (and it wasn't even Lucas' fault!) and dead-panned, and the comedy portion of Kenobi and Skywalker's light banter tried too hard.
With a jagged storyline, boring gameplay, and repetitive fighting, you'll find that you'd rather sit through a 4-hour interview with George Lucas talking about how much fur Chewbacca had.
The Lucas Arts website is currently accepting pre-orders.
To view some great screenshots of the game, go to the Lucas Arts Website.
To see some screenshots, go to the Lucas Arts website.
This is official Star Wars merchandise endorsed by George Lucas himself.
One of the first bikini images of Jennifer Aniston emerged in 2002 when she celebrated New Year's in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico with her good friends Courtney Cox and David Arquette.
First photograph: If you are a fan, you may already have pictures of Kim Kardashian in swimwear hanging on your wall because she did a calendar, shot in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, in 2010.
Still, it is impossible to ignore it since it is the culmination of nearly thirty years' worth of cinema and the final chapter in George Lucas' beloved space opera.
Lucas is crying all the way to the bank if you didn't like his picture because it was the number one box office draw for the year.
After being burned enough times by crap like Episode One, who wouldn't want to get back at George Lucas now and again?
If Spielberg could give us dinosaurs that seemed alive, and Lucas could create entire parts of Star Wars that never existed before (and Han shot first, dammit!), then the effects guys could surely make a believable lion.
Shaun Boswell, played by Lucas Black, is sent to Japan in an attempt to outrun the law.
Jackson owns Weta Digital, a competitor of George Lucas's Industrial Light and Magic.
The first movie of George Lucas' trilogy set off the beginning of nerddom everywhere.
This Steven Spielberg/George Lucas blockbuster made on a huge $20 million budget went on to gross nearly $400 million.
Ford gained a reputation in Hollywood for his carpentry skills and George Lucas hired him to do kitchen cabinetry work.
This meeting led to Lucas offering Ford the role of Han Solo and later, the role of Indiana Jones.
Indy fans will just have to wait and see as neither Spielberg, Ford nor Lucas have confirmed anything regarding a sequel or a prequel.
The screenplay was originally written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, was rewritten by Jeremy Garelick and Todd Phillips.
One Tree Hill premiered on the WB network in 2002 starring Chad Michael Murray as Lucas Scott.
One Tree Hill revolves around the Scott brothers Lucas and Nathan.
Dan Scott fathered both children, but disavowed Lucas from his birth.
Nathan and Lucas come to blow when Lucas joins the Tree Hill basketball team.
The tension between the brothers is exacerbated by Nathan's relationship with Haley (Lucas' best friend) and Peyton (Nathan's ex-girlfriend) and Lucas' growing attraction.
Datillo plays the role of Lucas Roberts (now Lucas Roberts Horton).
Will, the son of trouble-maker Sami and scheming Lucas is played by Christopher Gerse.
In the 90s, Felicia's marriage to Mitch crumpled, but she found comfort with former lover Lucas and they discovered the child they shared in Lorna.
Spielberg and Lucas have really endowed USC (University of Southern California) and school encourages double majors so that will be really exciting for him.
It also fell to Rex to stop his twin from making a mistake in her seduction of Lucas Roberts because he was their half-brother.
The series third season focuses on Violet's difficult struggle to cope with her post-traumatic stress disorder and emotional distance from her son Lucas as well as Pete's struggle to reach out to Violet across the gulf.
Although the series was built around Chad Michael Murray (Gilmore Girls, Dawson's Creek) and his character of Lucas Scott, the series grew beyond his story.
When the series debuted in 2003, it featured a cast that focused around the central story: the conflict between half-brothers Nathan and Lucas Scott.
Murray portrayed Lucas Scott, the son of Dan Scott and his high school sweetheart Karen Roe.
Lafferty portrayed Nathan Scott, Lucas' half-brother.
Nathan also married Lucas' best friend Haley.
Burton portrayed Peyton Sawyer, Lucas' love interest, for the length of their tenure in Tree Hill.
Burton also left the series at the end of the sixth season, with her character driving off into the sunset with Lucas and their daughter.
The series, created by Mark Schwahn, starred Chad Michael Murray as Lucas Scott and James Lafferty as Nathan Scott.
The series, set in the fictional North Carolina town of Tree Hill, focused on the contentious relationship between half-brothers Lucas and Nathan.
Lucas was the son of Dan Scott (Paul Johansson) and his high school girlfriend Karen Roe (Moira Kelly).
Dan broke Karen's heart by marrying Deb his first year in college and fathering Nathan, the son he cherished while ignoring Lucas.
Dan's brother Keith (Craig Sheffer) maintained an active connection with his nephew and became a surrogate father for young Lucas.
Despite Dan's meddling and conditioning to have Nathan drive Lucas away, Lucas proved a valuable asset to the basketball team and gradually, the brothers began to connect.
Peyton Sawyer (Hilarie Burton) - At the beginning of the series, Peyton is Nathan's girlfriend and the girl that Lucas has longed for from afar.
Haley James Scott (Bethany Joy Galeotti) - Haley was Lucas' best friend from childhood.
She came from a large, noisy family and often escaped to the peace and quiet at Lucas' house.
Her relationship with Nathan put a deep strain on her friendship with Lucas, but eventually the real love shared by Nathan and Haley helped bring the brothers together.
Brooke Davis (Sophia Bush) - Brooke is Peyton's best friend, Jaime's godmother and Lucas' ex.
The two dated exclusively in high school, but a series of misunderstandings and Lucas' lingering feelings for Peyton often came between them.
When Lucas and Peyton married, she was rooting for them and finally began to find a real love of her own in Julian (Austin Nichols) in later seasons.
Lucas reeled under the loss of his uncle while his mother Karen (pregnant with Keith's child) had to cope with losing the man she had finally come to love.
It would be years before Dan found a way to return to their lives, but Lucas never forgave him.
Lucas Scott joins the high school basketball team and creates a relationship with Nathan Scott, who is not just his teammate, but also his recently discovered half brother who has a.
Nathan strikes back by getting tutoring help from Lucas' best friend, Haley James.
Peyton's best friend, Brooke Davis, falls for Lucas, and later gets pregnant.
After Lucas sees more of his birth father Dan, he realizes Keith was a better father to him.
Lucas and Nathan finally start to create a brotherly bond.
The brothers' parents also mix it up looking for new loves, and Dan and Lucas continue to try and fix their relationship.
Haley return to Tree Hill to try and save her marriage to Nathan and succeeds, as Lucas and Brooke begin a relationship.
Nathan and Lucas make amends, and Mouth and Rachel start a new relationship.
Lucas saves Dan's life in the fire, and it's revealed that Deb was the one that tried to kill him.
Skipping ahead four years, Lucas has published a bestseller, and proposes to a new girlfriend, Lindsay, then kisses Peyton.
Lucas and Peyton get pregnant, while steps are made to turn his book into a movie.
Nathan makes it in the NBA, and Lucas and Peyton marry, have their baby, then leave Tree Hill.
Despite Dan's failings as a father, both Lucas and Nathan continue to give him more chances to be in their lives.
Will Horton (Chandler Massey): He's the son of Sami and Lucas Horton, the brother of Alice Caroline, and a half-brother of Johnny and Sydney DiMera.
She was also with Victor for a time before marrying Stefano, and is the mother of Austin, Billie, Lucas, Philip, Rex, and Cassie, and the grandmother of many.
Nicole Walker DiMera (Arianne Zucker): The widow of Trent Robbins, she was then married and divorced from Lucas Roberts and Victor Kiriakis, then married E.J.
Cabo San Lucas is located at the very tip of the Baja Peninsula, about 1000 miles south of San Diego.
The main attractions in Cabo San Lucas revolve around the stunning beaches and the sea.
El Arco - The distinctive arch, located at the entrance to Cabo San Lucas' harbor, this large rock formation has become the symbol of the region.
Cabo San Lucas is also the site of the largest marlin tournament in the world, with a purse of $1 million.
Shopping - Cabo San Lucas offers a wide range of shopping.
Cabo San Lucas is easily accessible by plane with non-stop flights from southern California, San Francisco, Chicago, and other major US cities.
Villa del Palmar Beach Resort and Spa - Cabo San Lucas is among the most popular and respected luxury resorts in Los Cabos.
Villa del Palmar Beach Resort and Spa - Cabo San Lucas is one of the most popular and respected beach resorts in Los Cabos.
If you're looking for what to do in Cabo San Lucas you will always find something happening at this exciting party hotel.
Cabo San Lucas is a majestic oceanic playground on the edge of the earth, and Villa del Palmar is an ethereal vacation oasis of incomparable beauty.
Choosing the best restaurants in Cabo San Lucas Mexico is a difficult task because there are so many fantastic places.
There are numerous famous restaurants in Cabo San Lucas which have stood the test of time to become favorites.
Mi Casa is perhaps the most recommended restaurant in Cabo San Lucas.
Cabo San Lucas has hundreds of wonderful restaurants, ranging from taco stands to elegant oceanfront establishments.
When deciding what to do in Cabo San Lucas there are many exciting options.
With so many delicious new options, it may be difficult to choose ten of the best restaurants in Cabo San Lucas Mexico, but there is definitely a restaurant for everyone.
Meanwhile, those looking for a more serene setting can explore Cabo San Lucas, which boasts a slew of upscale resorts and miles of luxurious beaches.
Many of your favorite characters are back for the sequel, including Troy Bolton (played by Zac Efron), Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Hudgens), Ryan Evans (Lucas Grabeel), and Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale).
What I've Been Looking For - Performed by Lucas Grabeel and Ashley Tisdale in HSM but a reprise was done for the soundtrack, performed by Vanessa Hudgens and Drew Seeley.
Bop to the Top - This number was done by Ashley Tisdale and Lucas Grabeel and written by Randy Peterson and Kevin Quinn.
I Can't Take My Eyes Off of You - This song was performed by Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley tisdale, Lucas Grabeel and Drew Seeley.
"A long time ago, in a galaxy far away…" - or 1970s Hollywood, to be exact, film director George Lucas conceived the first film in what would become one of the most prolific and longest lasting movie brands in history - Star Wars.
In the early 1970s, Lucas signed a three movie deal with Universal Movie Studios to make the film American Graffiti and two Star Wars movies.
Lucas was extremely frustrated and publicly aired his grievances, but eventually he re-adapted his story into something the studio was comfortable with.
Although Lucas had a deal in place to do a sequel to Star Wars, neither him nor the studio were sure how audiences were going to react to the film.
For Lucas, the most important thing was to get this story he was creating out, and so he turned to writer Alan Dean Foster with the idea of turning his ideas into novels instead of scripts.
Star Wars was a major hit, and did so well that Lucas decided he wanted to do an extensive network of films to tell the whole story.
After making three films, Lucas had grown tired of the series and didn't want to go on with any of his other ideas.
Controversy aside, Star Wars director George Lucas has often suggested that the success of the Star Wars franchise was partly due to the musical score.
Mexico has become an increasingly popular party spot for college kids looking for a good time, especially the resort towns of Cancun and Cabo San Lucas.
She is currently married to Rock Star: Supernova winner Lucas Rossi, and attended Sex Rehab to try and treat her tendency to cheat on her romantic partners.
Lucas gets some justified critical heat for the hokey-ness of his dialog.
The Empire Strikes Back was the second installment in George Lucas' saga of the Skywalkers, released in 1980.
When first released, it opened to mixed reviews, yet is now commonly thought to be the most mature work of the six-movie series, and a more fully-formed reflection of Lucas' overarching mythos.
Star Wars was such a financial success, however, that Lucas knew he could get support for more than one sequel, and The Empire Strikes Back is very much a 'middle movie'.
It was reviled because it was thought that Lucas was beginning to 'sell out' to the commercialization of his empire, with the creation of the lovable aliens, the Ewoks, who resembled feral teddy bears, living in a stone age culture.
This build-up of overlaying story-lines is a bit of a Lucas trademark.
Lucas, however, takes a dozen years off from the Star Wars saga, and returns to tell the story of Anakin Skywalker and his fall to the dark in 1999.
Lucas has claimed various reasons for the delay, but the most likely was that he was waiting for computer graphic technology to advance enough to allow him to develop the effects he envisioned.
The derision goes to Lucas' preference for effect over storytelling and character development.
There are battles with the senate, battles in space, battles to retake the planet, and of course, a climatic battle in which Lucas expects the viewer to be able to divide their attention between four on-going conflicts simultaneously.
Of course the universe of Star Wars belongs to Lucas, and one would think he would have the last say on the 'canon' of Star Wars.
We typically start seeing manufactured people called 'androids' as they become more and more individual characters in science fiction, a term popularized by Lucas in his Star Wars series.
Or perhaps when you took a college course in eastern religion, you thought it sounded like the Prof was quoting Lucas, when in fact he was quoting Lao T'se and the Tao Te Ching.
Lucas' 'Force' as a concept is only mysterious and 'other' sounding to people of Western cultures.
When George Lucas and Steven Spielberg teamed up to make 1981's Raiders of the Lost Ark, their intent was to recreate the kind of glamorous movie that was in vogue in their younger days.
Of course, any Spielberg or Lucas endeavor is going to have top quality production values, and Lost Ark is no exception.
That said, it is not outside the skills of Lucas, who wrote the screenplay, or director Spielberg to transcend hackneyed plots.
Lucas' Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom screenplay is gruesome and silly in turns, and sometimes simultaneously.
Unlike other scifi series such as Battlestar Galactica or the Matrix or Star Trek, George Lucas' universe held no connection to our current world, other than the fact that humans were a part of that galaxy ("far, far away").
An instant success, it included a cast of new and veteran actors that would help to realize George Lucas's vision of a "galaxy far, far away."
Originally hired to read lines for actors auditioning for the first Star Wars film, Harrison Ford managed to catch the eye of George Lucas, who eventually offered him the role of Han Solo.
Nearly two decades would pass before George Lucas once again revisited that galaxy far, far away, and even longer ago than the initial trilogy.
The Thrawn trilogy, as told by Timothy Zahn and approved by George Lucas, revisits the New Republic five years after the events of Return of the Jedi.
Later novels would expand her world with new narrators from Paige to Lucas to Hope, Jaime and Jeremy.
Perhaps Lucas used a fantasy name generator to help come up with the right names.
After a successful interview, the creator of Star Wars, George Lucas, put Ben in charge of finding the right sounds to go with his master piece.
The challenge from Lucas himself was that he wanted Star Wars sound effects to be organic rather than electronic.
In order to accomplish what Lucas wanted, Ben collected and recorded sounds from everywhere.
Spielberg introduced George Lucas to Williams when Lucas was looking for a composer for his space epic that would eventually become Star Wars.
When you take a moment to look into the meanings and origins behind some Star Wars character names, it unlocks a window into George Lucas' creative process and the hopes and aspirations he held for his fictional children.
It's fun to look at the meanings behind Star Wars character names because it gives fans a glimpse into George Lucas' thinking as his characters came to life on the Star Wars' stage.
It is also said that the Star Wars creator, George Lucas, identified with this character and shortened Lucas to Luke.
George Lucas has said this Jedi character was based in a samurai and his name came about from a river in Asia that sounds like the name Obi-Wan.
Plus we have the expanded Star Wars universe that includes officially licensed works that fall outside George Lucas' 6 episodes.
Based on what George Lucas has said, the show's focus will be on minor characters from the period between episodes III and IV.
The Star Wars series of movies originated with the very first film released in 1977, based upon the original screenplay written by George Lucas.
By the time this initial film made it into the cinema, it had evolved from Lucas' original story titled The Journal of the Whills into the cinematic masterpiece finally identified simply as Star Wars.
Star Wars creator George Lucas stated his films consciously follow Campbell's structure.
So far, the celebrations appear subdued next to other Star Wars events, such as the Star Wars Celebration, a convention conducted with official recognition from Lucas.
Urban fantasy marries Tolkien to Lucas and sets it in the modern world, where elves may drive racecars and wizards take out ads in the Yellow Pages.
And the algebraists or arithmeticians of the 16th century, such as Luca Pacioli (Lucas de Borgo), Geronimo or Girolamo Cardano (1501-1576), and Niccola Tartaglia (1506-1559), had used geometrical constructions to throw light on the solution of particular equations.
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
George Lucas American filmmaker George Lucas (born 1944) was responsible for the creation of a number of the most profitable movies in history, including the Star Wars and Indiana Jones trilogies. Lucas is also responsible for many technical innovations in filmmaking, especially special effects. Lucas van Leyden The Dutch engraver and painter Lucas van Leyden (1494-1533) was the leading graphic artist in the Netherlands in the early 16th century. Also Mentioned In Star WarshygraulicLucas van LeydenSan LucasCabo San LuTHXmancallinaesunrisinglucasianlukas Words near lucas in the Dictionary Lucas numberLucas numbersLucas polynomiallucanidlucanidslucanthonelucanus-cervuslucarnelucartamidelucaslucas georgelucas van leyden
