Marc Jacobs perfumes and scented body care products incorporate high quality and a fresh feel, and - as is so characteristic of this designer name -- frequently use modern interpretations of traditional scents (such as gardenia).
Marc Jacobs Men is the men's fragrance collection that includes the men's perfume along with other body care products in a scent that is at once classic and contemporary, masculine and refreshing.
Marc Jacobs perfume for men is simply called Marc Jacobs Men, and this signature scent was introduced in 2001.
You can also purchase gift sets with the cologne and additional products, such as the Marc Jacobs Men cologne and after shave set.
Every fragrance has its own personality, but while some scents, like Xeryus Rouge by Givenchy, are more intense, the Marc Jacobs men's fragrance is more understated.
Rated as one of the top men's modern cologne by Ask Men, Marc Jacobs Men received rave reviews because of its ability to be noticeable without overbearing, its subtle sex appeal, and sense of softness and mystery.
You can purchase the perfume and other items form the Marc Jacobs Men line from upscale department stores, such as Nordstrom's, along with other perfume and health and beauty care retailers.
If you're in the market for a great, girly gift, consider a Marc Jacobs Daisy gift set.
The house of Marc Jacobs describes Daisy as "fresh, feminine, playful."
Anyone who loves the scent will be thrilled to learn about the numerous Marc Jacobs Daisy gift set options available.
Capitalizing on the scent's popularity, Marc Jacobs quickly introduced a variety of glamorous sets filled with Daisy products.
Marc Jacobs collaborated with Sephora to introduce Daisy Marc Jacobs Pour Sephora, a collection of stylish accessories inspired by the scent.
Daisy Marc Jacobs Pour Sephora Soap Trio Delight: Infused with the scent of Daisy, these soaps are packaged in a long, sleek box.
Daisy Marc Jacobs Pour Sephora Pretty Pouch Trio: Branching out a bit, this logo-embossed set of gold cosmetic bags is inspired by the delicacy of Daisy.
Daisy Marc Jacobs Pour Sephora Cushy Brush Set: A sleek gold case houses five travel size cosmetic brushes, each adorned with the special collection's name and logo.
Designer Marc Jacobs has the worlds of apparel and accessories covered, so it should come as no surprise that his fragrances have quickly become phenomenons in the beauty industry.
If you're on the hunt for inexpensive perfumes by Marc Jacobs, you're in luck.
This online fragrance house offers a vast selection of Marc Jacobs fragrances.
The eponymous Marc Jacobs scent is a classic that's sure to delight fans of floral and spicy notes.
This boutique offers a vast selection of Marc Jacobs fragrances for men and women at discounted prices.
Whether you're hunting for the perfect holiday gift or just want to treat yourself to a new scent, you may have some luck with Marc Jacobs perfume gift sets.
Highly regarded around the world for his popular apparel and accessories collections, fashion designer Marc Jacobs made quite a splash in 2001 when he debuted his first fragrance for women.
Jacobs followed this success with Marc Jacobs for Men in 2002.
Other women's fragrances soon followed, including Blush, Blush Intense, I Love Marc and Daisy.
While not all of his fragrances are packaged and sold in gift sets, several of Marc Jacobs's most popular scents are.
Not only are Marc Jacobs perfume gift sets readily available, they're usually easy to find at a discounted price.
Daisy Holiday Gift Set: Daisy, Marc Jacobs's most recent fragrance, is especially popular with the younger set.
Marc Jacobs for Women Gift Set: Fans of the designer's first fragrance will be pleased with this set, which includes an eau de parfum spray, a body lotion and a shower gel.
Beauty By Marc Set: Dedicated Marc Jacobs fans may be difficult to please, but this set might do the trick.
Marc Jacobs Women's Gift Set: Here's an easy way to please fans of Marc Jacobs's glamorous-yet-costly handbags.
Since some of Marc Jacobs's fragrances have been discontinued, it may prove difficult to purchase them in gift sets.
Many, if not most, of Marc Jacobs's scents, both current and discontinued, are available online at discount perfume boutiques.
Positively the man of the runway, Marc Jacobs is an American fashion designer.
For example, consider pairing a classic Marc Jacobs button down shirt with a Rocawear T-shirt.
The gasp heard around the world sounded when it was revealed Jennifer Lopez and singer Marc Anthony were married in a hush-hush backyard affair.
Lopez filed for divorce from her superstar husband Marc Anthony in 2011.
After his death, his life partner Marc Christian successfully sued the estate and brought to head speculations that Hudson was a gay celebrity.
Lopez separated from her husband Marc Anthony in July, 2011, and she can currently be seen on the judging panel for American Idol.
Latin singer Marc Anthony was born in New York City in 1968, to Puerto Rican parents.
This site also presents the newest fashions by designers such as Marc Jacobs, Christian Lacroix, Valentino, and Burberry.
Her runway model experience included modeling for some of the best designers: Versace, Marc Bouwer, and Thierry Mugler.
Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez have finally admitted to the public that the couple is expecting a baby.
Now that Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez have publicly announced that she is in fact pregnant, their fans can offer them a very public congratulations and best wishes.
Seems that all the "J-Lo's having twins" rumors were true -- she and husband Marc Anthony welcomed twin babies on Friday, February 22, 2008.
Finally, while performing during her and Marc Anthony's concert tour, they announced that the rumors were true and the couple was expecting.
Lori Singer, sister of actor Marc Singer of The Beastmaster fame, was born into a talented and musically gifted family.
Science fiction fans may be wondering, "What is Marc Singer doing now?"
Marc Singer was born on January 29 1948, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Jacques Singer, Marc's father, was a symphony conductor, while his mother Leslie was a pianist.
The young Singer family moved from Canada to New York, and finally ended up in Corpus Christi, Texas, where Marc and his siblings grew up.
Marc Singer later lived in Oregon and Washington state, where he attended college before embarking on his film career.
Marc Singer reprised his role as Donovan for both of these.
Though rumors swirled that Marc Singer would make at least a cameo appearance, no solid plans were made to include him in the show.
Marc Singer has continued to play a wide variety of roles, mostly on television, though he's still mostly known for his science fiction endeavors.
Another interesting point to answer the question, "What is Marc Singer doing now?" is that he is working on his first novel.
Marc Singer will almost certainly continue to appear in movies and television shows for years to come, no matter what the genre.
On July 15, 2011, the entertainment world was rocked by news that Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony were getting a divorce.
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony had been friends since the 1990s, after they worked on several music videos together and had even dated briefly.
Marc Jacobs: It's no secret that Marc Jacobs collections are extremely popular among men and women.
However, now children can get in on the act with his Little Marc line, which also features comfortable and luxurious clothes for the younger set.
There is no question that many high designers are visionaries, and some labels such as Armani, Burberry and Marc Jacobs delight in creating upscale clothes for little boys that include little twists.
Marc Jacob's supportive sporting of Commes des Garçons' man-skirt was fun but that's where it ends.
It was recently acquired by Marc Ecko, another well-known name in fashion.
If a store targets young people and sells Marc Ecko clothing, there's a chance you could find Zoo York there, as well, so keep that in mind.
From Jay Z's Roca Wear to Marc Ecko, it's all here.
Marc Freedman's book Prime Time: How Baby Boomers Will Revolutionize Retirement and Transform America takes an unabashed look at the power of the people.
With a ton of name brands like Marc Jacobs, Dolce and Gabbana and Fendi; you'll know that you're purchasing some of the most popular brands out there!
Marc Jacobs attended Parson's School of Design, earning multiple high honors and praise in 1984.
Designers listed include Armani, Christian Dior, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Juicy Couture, Marc Jacobs, Ralph Lauren, YSL, and Diesel.
Magic Marc's Terrific Magic Show is a great indoor break for the whole family.
These competitions are often televised, bringing hip hop dancers into everyday homes and turning dancers such as Marc Bamuthi Joseph (a performance artist and hip hop dancer) into household names.
LoveToKnow would like to thank Marc Dorio for taking the time to share his expertise with readers who are seeking information about how to prepare for a job interview and wishes him continued success in his future endeavors.
Marc Kirschenbaum offers up a diagrammed set of directions that also show how to make a traditional tulip and leaf.
Husband Marc Anthony recently told reporters, "I'm looking forward to starting a family."
Although hubby Marc Anthony already has three kids with ex-wife Dayanara Torres, J.Lo has her own dreams of motherhood to fulfill.
So far, show creator Marc Cherry has dismissed those rumors.
If Jessica Alba is expecting twins, she's in good company: Jennifer Lopez and husband Marc Anthony welcomed two bundles of joy early in 2008 and Angelina Jolie and husband Brad Pitt are also reportedly expecting twins as well.
The issue did not escape the notice of a young film director named Roger Vadim (Roger Vadim also went on to become Brigitte Bardot's first husband), who quickly showed the magazine to director and screenwriter Marc Allegret.
If you know from past experience that triangle top bikinis flatter your figure, then by all means, click away and add that latest Marc Jacobs number to your shopping bag.
The website Pop Sugar ran a few stories about Jennifer Lopez in a bikini, along with dozens of photographs, for fans who want to see how Lopez and husband Marc Anthony spend their downtime.
Awarded ten BMI Pop Awards for writing the most performed songs on the radio, Kara DioGuardi has worked with Gwen Stefani, Pink, Britney Spears, Miley Cyrus and Marc Anthony, and that's just name a few!
The collections of big names such as Shoshanna and Marc by Marc Jacobs are frequently dominated by this skimpy item.
Carmen Marc Valvo Shirred Tankini Top: Besides its brilliantly bright turquoise coloring, this tankini has a lot of advantages.
Whether designer retail or diffusion line, Marc Jacobs bikinis offer the best in festive retro fashion!
High designer Marc Jacobs is a native New Yorker.
The sweaters were immediately picked up by Barbara Weiser and sold with the label "Marc Jacobs for Marc and Barbara" at the Weiser stores, Charivari.
Three years after his enrollment, Marc Jacobs introduced his Senior Collection, which caught the eye of Robert Duffy, an executive for Reuben Thomas, Inc. Duffy called Jacobs the next day to talk about a new ready-to-wear collection.
Jacobs didn't start his first truly personal collection under the Marc Jacobs label until 1986.
A year later, Marc Jacobs was awarded the Council of Fashion Designers of America Perry Ellis Award for New Fashion Talent.
Marc Jacobs bikinis are always a colorful mix of '60s inspiration and adorable puerile designs that are more endearing than they are sophisticated.
The majority of Marc Jacobs bikinis available for purchase are typically found within his diffusion line, Marc by Marc Jacobs.
The goal of this diffusion collection has always been to provide Marc fans with the same quality and style of his high-profile collection, but at more affordable prices.
And make no mistake, though the Marc by Marc Jacobs bikinis maybe be a few hundred dollars less than Jacobs' signature line, these swimsuits are still found within the range of luxury swimwear.
You'll note that most Marc by Marc Jacobs bikinis feature zany prints with a retro-spin: everything from halters to triangle tops and flirty bandeaus that are rich in polka dots and tiger stripes.
Depending on the year, Marc Jacobs has also featured many one-pieces.
This style is difficult to pull off on a less than flawless figure, but fortunately, Marc Jacobs bikinis provide eye-catching prints that can serve as a distraction for problem areas.
The Marc by Marc Jacobs 2007 swimwear line brought in a similar style labeled the Camille suit which is also committed to a floral pattern.
Marc Jacobs has set out to unleash the diva in all his fans with a 2007 line of swimwear that features many animal prints.
Marc Jacobs and Marc by Marc Jacobs bikinis can be found at any Marc Jacobs retail stores, as well as fine department stores such as Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue.
Discount bikini styles can be purchased online from authorized Marc Jacobs vendors such as Bluefly, and these swimsuits can also be obtained online from Shopbop.com.
Who doesn't love Marc Jacobs' classic clean lines?
These trunks embody the best of Marc Jacobs with their cool clean look and beach-friendly, laid-back style.
Sexual androgyny permeated the music scene with artists like David Bowie and Marc Bolan, and "Free Love" became the motto of a generation.
Neiman Marcus has a beautiful turquoise blue Carmen Marc Valvo shirred tankini that calls to mind ocean waters and calming sea breezes.
Marc by Marc Jacobs - Men's fashion (including swimwear) doesn't get any more high-end than this.
Angelina Jolie went bright white in a Marc Bouwer dress in 2004, a departure from a few missteps that made her look more Goth than goddess.
Marc Sobel won honorable mention in a haiku competition that was featured on the Daily Show with John Stewart.
Marc Jacobs handbags offer an array of looks that are not only stylish, but are fashionably functional as well.
Marc Jacobs handbags are sold in high-end department stores like Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, and Bloomingdale's.
You can search for an authorized retailer in your area on the Marc Jacobs website.
You can also purchase Marc Jacobs bags online at select authorized retailers and on auctions sites like eBay.
The Marc Jacobs logo should be clearly visible and not distorted.
Marc Jacobs: To ensure the handbag is an authentic Marc Jacobs designer fashion piece, purchase directly from the Marc Jacobs website.
Barney's NY: Purchase Marc Jacobs handbags through Barney's online store.
Zappos: You'll find more than 100 handbags by Marc Jacobs on this site.
Designer Marc Jacobs brings an innovative, unabashed style into the world of fashion.
His continued success allowed him to introduce Marc by Marc Jacobs in 2001, a competitively priced line gearing fashion forward, wearable looks toward a younger consumer crowd.
When it comes to handbags, Marc Jacobs takes casual comfort to the highest level of chic.
Often credited with turning grunge into glam, Marc Jacobs styles reflect a unique sensibility.
While Marc Jacobs handbags are far from being all the same, there are, however, some signature characteristics.
Subtle, but Striking Details: Chunky belt buckle hardware, color contrasts, simple, ingrained leather designs, and simple, striking details are part of the signature appeal of Marc Jacobs handbags.
Marc Jacobs handbags are crafted from high quality leathers, suede, shearling, corduroy, and other durable, high quality fabrics.
You might find a fabric bag in the Marc by Marc Jacobs line, for instance, around one hundred fifty dollars.
There are dozens of top Hollywood celebrities who carry Marc Jacobs handbags.
You can find the latest news on Marc Jacobs purses on StyleList, where you can get news on the latest collections in stores and see upcoming runway trends.
For designer names, the Marc Jacobs chain handle, quilted "Stam" hobo is a popular bag at a price tag of around $1200.
You'll see them everywhere --from a Marc Jacobs "stam" quilted leather dangling from Lindsay Lohan's arm, to your local discount store.
Designed to be trendy, these bags cross the comfort of slouchy Marc Jacobs bags with the girly charm of Dooney & Bourke, mixing in original combinations of colors, patterns, and fabrics.
But when you see a Marc Jacobs hobo being marked down from 950 dollars to 89.50, your suspicions should arise.
Fun, colorful, and packed with a retro twist, Marc by Marc Jacobs bags are an exciting take on the original Marc Jacobs collection.
In 2001, high-profile designer Marc Jacobs introduced his diffusion line, Marc by Marc Jacobs, which featured similarly themed designs as the Marc Jacobs line at a more cost-friendly price.
Marc Jacobs was born in 1963 and was a graduate of both the High School or Art and Design (1981) and Parsons School of Design.
The Marc by Marc Jacobs handbag line can sometimes strongly mimic that of its mother line, Marc Jacobs, by reflecting boxy styles with several external square pockets.
This always grants Marc by Marc Jacobs bags a distinctively playful and retro appeal.
Marc stepped into the limelight with the Party Girl Clutch and this teensy bag lives up to its title.
As always, the characteristically puerile styles of the Marc line let admirers know that you don't take yourself too seriously.
In case anyone should inquire as to your favorite designer, the Marc line released the Luxury Leather Zip Clutch that features heavy "Marc Jacobs" lettering across the front of its supple leather exterior.
Boasting the same external square pockets as the original Marc Jacobs line, this clutch is as affordable as it is signature Marc Jacobs.
Marc Jacobs truly thought big when he designed some of his latest styles.
From Marc Jacobsesqe boxy external pockets to slouch Dior-like hobos, Johnson slams a ton of fashion nostalgia into the look of one handbag.
With suspender pants or pencil skirts, this bag puts a kick into your professionalism with its almost Marc Jacobs-like pocket appearance.
Several styles feature double exterior pockets, slightly reminiscent of Marc Jacobs' luxurious designs.
The brand continued to expand and was passed on to Georges' son, Gaston Louis, before it landed into the able hands of the famous French designer Marc Jacobs.
Ultra-feminine designers like Vera Bradley feature quilted handbags, as well as edgy and bags from designers like Marc Jacobs.
This Marc Jacobs' quilted tote in baby blue denim with white leather accents and chain handles is sweetly sophisticated but also practical and casual.
Also by Marc Jacobs, this dark denim tote has orange contrast stitching in the quilted pattern, thick chain shoulder strap, and buckl-y exterior pockets for an ultra-contemporary twist on the denim tote.
The popular Marc Jacobs Quilted Stam with its clip-close top has removable chain shoulder strap is available in smaller and original versions.
Marc Jacobs Jersey Shopper has a nautical feel with its fresh blue and white stripes.
The luxurious Italian calf leather, with its soft buttery feel, is only one of the many reasons women everywhere love authentic Marc Jacob's Blake handbags.
Introduced during the fall/winter collection of 2004, the Blake style handbag was added to the Marc Jacobs Classic Collection, joining the Sophia, Stella, Venetia and Multi-Pocket handbags.
Featuring two front pockets adorned with engraved padlocks featuring the Marc Jacobs trademark, the Blake has all the same features found in the Venetia, Sophia and Stella handbags.
Marc Jacob's handbags are not only sensuous to the touch, they are beautiful to look at both in design and color.
One of the most counterfeited styles of the Marc Jacobs handbag line is the Blake.
Knowing what to look for when shopping for an authentic Marc Jacobs Blake handbag will protect you from becoming a victim of the counterfeit handbag market.
Each Marc Jacobs handbag has its own distinct appearance and no two will ever be exactly alike.
The leather used is never pebble leather which is used on many fake Marc Jacobs bags.
The brands of zippers used on Marc Jacobs Blake handbags are either Riri or Lampo.
All of the zippers and hardware have the Marc Jacobs's name engraved in smooth round lettering.
Inside each handbag is the nameplate with the name Marc Jacobs.
Luv My Marc is an excellent website that offers information and detailed photographs on counterfeit Blake handbags by Marc Jacobs.
A staple in the Marc Jacobs handbag line, the Blake is fashionable and functional.
With its classic style, variety of color choices, and perfect size, an authentic Marc Jacob's Blake handbag would be a perfect fit in anyone's handbag collection.
Excellent craftsmanship, luxurious soft buttery leather and plenty of pockets make a Marc Jacobs Softy Tote a bag that is functional, fashionable and fun.
Marc by Marc Jacobs is the diffusion line of the Marc Jacobs Collection.
This handbag line is offered at a lower price point making the bags much more affordable for many Marc Jacobs fans.
The broad range of styles included in the Marc by Marc Jacobs handbag line has bags that appeal to women of all ages.
Women everywhere love Marc Jacobs handbags, and his softy totes are no exception.
These stylish oversized tote bags from Marc by Marc Jacobs made their first appearance in the spring/summer collection of 2006 and there are now several fabulous styles of these versatile tote bags.
You will look stylish carrying this oversized tote bag from Marc by Marc Jacobs available in black or cream.
The bag is lined with the famous &&&Love Marc&&&& lining and there are four platform feet on the bottom of the bag to protect it from scuffing when it is set down.
With elegant gold-toned hardware, the Marc by Marc Jacobs logo on the front pocket and its signature logo coin pull tab, this softy tote is a must have fashion accessory.
This Marc by Marc Jacobs deep oversized tote bag is made of buttery soft pebble leather and measures 13" wide by 14 3/4" high and 5" deep.
The hardware on this elegant tote bag is a beautiful gold tone color and features the Marc Jacobs design.
The Softy Poppy Tote by Marc Jacobs is a beautiful bag made of soft grained leather.
You will look and feel terrific carrying everything you need for the day in a Marc Jacobs Softy Tote.
The Marc Jacobs clutch is perfect for those that are either headed out for pre-dinner cocktails, or are looking to make a splash at an upcoming Saturday evening party!
Originally a designer for Perry Ellis, Marc Jacobs received the fashion industry's highest tribute in 1987 for New Fashion Talent of the Year.
With so many shopping options available out there, the only real trouble will be deciding on just one Marc Jacobs clutch!
Neiman Marcus is something of a legend themselves and the Marc Jacobs Metallic Zip Clutch offered here is simply stunning!
Shop Style has an amazing collection of Marc Jacobs clutches.
This Marc Jacobs number certainly fits the bill!
There, you'll find no less than sixty different Marc Jacobs looks, and perhaps most importantly, you'll be able to comparison shop with ease.
A Marc by Marc Jacobs canvas tote looks fashionable on anyone's arm, no matter the season!
Price: Finally, one of the best things you can do before you go shopping for that Marc by Marc Jacobs canvas tote is know your budget.
There are several Marc Jacobs canvas totes available out there.
Bluefly has created a considerable name in the industry by offering designer names at discounted prices, and the Marc Jacobs canvas tote available here is no exception.
Thankfully, one can also find their canvas tote by going to the very source: Marc Jacobs himself!
At the Marc Jacobs website, one can leisurely browse through the eclectic designer's handbag collection by season or "ready to wear"".
For those who love everything about a designer bag except the price, the Marc by Marc Jacobs Strippy Zippy Groovee handbag is just what the groove doctor ordered.
Marc by Marc Jacobs bags are casual, lively bags that can be similar in look and style to the standard Marc Jacobs bags, but are considerably less expensive.
The Marc by Marc Jacobs Strippy Zippy Groovee handbag is a soft leather satchel that is functional, versatile and great-looking.
Those who have carried the Marc by Marc Jacobs Strippy Zippy Groovee handbag give it a number of raves.
Users love that it features the same quality Marc Jacobs style but is less expensive.
Because although it is much less expensive than a standard Marc Jacobs bag, the price it is still a substantial outlay for a lot of women.
The Marc by Marc Jacobs Strippy Zippy Groovee handbag, or any Marc by Marc Jacobs bag, can be found at most of the better department stores, such as Saks and Barneys.
Created by Marc Edmund Jones with the assistance of Elsie Wheeler, the Sabian symbols are descriptions of each degree of the zodiac signs, and there are 360 phrases in all.
As you would expect from one of the hottest designers around, Marc Jacobs shoes are every bit as desirable as the clothes they were designed to compliment.
Born and bred in New York City, Marc Jacobs studied at Parson's school of design.
By 1986, Jacobs had started designing under the Marc Jacobs label, and after just one year in business was awarded the prestigious Perry Ellis Award for new fashion.
With diffusion lines including Marc by Marc Jacobs, Stinky Rat and Little Marc, Jacobs would appear to have the fashion market covered for men, women and children.
There are only a handful of styles on show in the shoe section of the official Marc Jacobs website, but they're more than enough to prove that he is no ordinary shoe designer.
Marc Jacobs women's shoes are many things, but they're always feminine.
Jacobs popular diffusion line, Marc by Marc Jacobs, displays the same variety of styles.
There's a small collection of Marc Jacobs shoes at eLuxury where you'll find python-print leather pumps, pretty bow-front heels, gorgeous calf-high leather boots and funky metallic Mary Janes.
Ebay is also a happy hunting ground for those searching for Marc Jacobs shoes on a budget.
So if you're a female looking for a red Marc Jacobs sandal in a 6.5 medium width, you can put in all of those requirements except for the brand.
The Marc by Marc Jacobs is simple, elegant and in black and white.
If you're looking for a simple pair of black pumps, don't be scared to run after the latest kittenish Marc Jacobs styles.
While few designers currently feature brown patent leather platform shoes, Marc Jacobs has a fantastic pair of slip-on chocolate brown patent leather boots with a shearling lining.
Marc Jacobs also feature the Marc, a girlish and sexy 4-inch platform with a peep toe and bow.
Marc Jacobs has a very cute pair of ballet pumps in a sugary pink with a rounded toe and sweet little bow.
The Designer Shoe section carries footwear from Bettye Muller, Botkier, Charles Nolan, Claudia Ciuti, Cynthia Vincent, Delman, Giuseppe Zanotti, Kenzo, Marc by Marc Jacobs, Taryn Rose and Theory.
In addition to the Skechers brand, Skechers also owns several other street and fashion lines such as ECCO, SOHO Lab, Marc Ecko, Mark Nason, 310 Motoring, and BEBE Sport.
Sure, the prices can't exactly be described as low, but brands like Fendi, Marc Jacobs and Halston are all up for the taking, and the discounts are often as high as 70 percent off retail.
Available in an array of colors and designs, Marc Jacobs' patent flat shoes are stylish additions to any closet.
One of the world's most beloved fashion designers, Marc Jacobs is known for his elaborate, imaginative designs.
The designer's eponymous line eventually birthed the lower-priced Marc by Marc Jacobs collection, which boasts the same classic-meets-funky style as the original.
As one of the most memorable trendsetters in fashion history, Marc Jacobs' designs know no bounds.
From colorful and goofy to practical and neutral, there seems to be a certain word to describe each and every pair of Marc Jacobs' patent flat shoes.
Little leather "ears," crystal "eyes," whiskers and even a tail are the adorable elements that make up the Marc by Marc Jacobs patent leather mouse flats.
There are hot pink styles adorned with black hearts, zebra prints and even flats etched with images of Miss Marc, the designer's signature "mascot."
If you're seeking flats for the office, consider a pair of pointy-toe slip-ons from the original Marc Jacobs lineup.
These fun flats are available in plenty of shades - including teal, pink and black - and are adorned with a diminutive Marc by Marc Jacobs nameplate.
During warm weather, step into a pair of flat patent gladiator sandals from the Marc by Marc Jacobs line.
If strappy sandals are your preference, you'll take a shine to the designer's flat shoes with curved straps from the Marc by Marc Jacobs line.
Marc Jacobs' shoes are widely available at department stores and online retailers.
If you find a pair of Marc Jacobs heeled sandals in red or grey, you may want to snatch them right up, as they probably won't last.
Christina struggles with her pregnancy and more internal office politics, including a jealous Marc who is annoyed that he is passed over in favor of Betty.
Created by Marc Cherry, Desperate Housewives airs on ABC.
The show was created in 2004 by Marc Cherry and began a sixth season in 2009.
Fossil also has licensing agreements with top fashion labels like DKNY, Emporio Armani and Marc Jacobs.
In addition to its own line of watches, Fossil creates watches under license for famous companies like DKNY, Burberry, Marc Jacobs and Emporio Armani.
Marc Ecko watches started in a unique and inspiring way.
Marc Ecko is known for taking a firm stance on social issues.
Marc Ecko watches are created in collaboration with Callanen International, which is a subsidiary of the Timex Corporation.
One of the most unique Marc Ecko watches is the dog tag watch.
Women will fall in love with Marc Ecko's Double Down Watch.
Marc Ecko's designs have been spotted on Spike Lee.
In 2005, a video game, Marc Ecko's Getting Up: Contents Under Pressure, was released for Playstation 2.
Marc Ecko products are available at 38 Ecko Unlimited retail outlets as well as other fine retailers, including Macy's.
Marc Jacobs watches for men are ideal for the stylish male.
These are watches which represent the design flare that makes Marc Jacobs watches well known and admired all over the world.
Marc Jacobs is an internationally successful designer, designing clothes and accessories that are sold throughout the United States and in many other countries.
The Marc Jacobs range of watches for men is highly unique and extremely stylish.
The Marc Jacobs watch brand includes both conventionally styled watches along with some contemporary takes on the concept of a wrist watch.
Instead of featuring numbers around the dial, the letters of the Marc Jacobs brand mark the hours in an unusual twist.
More information on the Marc Jacobs watch collection, including an interactive map that pinpoints suppliers all over the world, can be found on the Marc Jacobs website.
In order to keep Marc Jacobs watches for men looking great, a little regular care and attention is all that is required.
Luckily they can easily be replaced and a specialist watch store will be able to advise on the best way to do this, depending on the Marc Jacobs watch type.
A Marc Jacobs watch is a great way to demonstrate individuality and style.
If you are looking for an alternative to a wrist watch, then perhaps the range of Marc Jacobs pendant watches might offer something a little different from which to choose.
A watch from the elegant range of Marc Jacobs pendant watches can be just the thing for someone who is looking for top quality jewelry design combined with excellent time keeping functionality.
One of the exciting features of the Marc Jacobs range of watches and accessories is that there is regularly something new.
Marc Jacobs pendant timepieces are available from many watch and jewelry stores.
This can be a good way to find Marc Jacobs watches from previous seasons.
Hard-to-find watches often turn up on auction sites such as eBay.com and this can be an exciting opportunity to buy Marc Jacob watches that are otherwise unavailable.
The Marc Jacobs website has more information on the Marc Jacobs brand, including Marc Jacobs watches for men, as well as information about registered stores that stock these items.
This facility helps shoppers to find stores selling the Marc Jacobs range throughout the country by simply typing in an area code.
A Marc Jacobs pendant watch is a lovely combination of jewelry and watch and is bound to cause admiring glances.
Ikepod watches are designed by Marc Newson, an Australian designer.
Marc Newson is renowned the world over for his futuristic designs.
One of Marc Newson's first watch designs was the pod watch.
Conceptualized by American designer, Marc Jacobs, the Emprise collection combines luxurious historical styles of the 1970s with contemporary features and refined elegance.
Conceptualized by Australian designer, Marc Newson, JL's latest Atmos features the new 566 caliber movement housed inside an elegant, bubble-shaped Baccarat crystal cabinet.
Even if your tween doesn't want to wear a watch, he may sit up and take notice if you mention a label such as Fossil or Marc Jacobs.
Model Jessica White was scouted in Buffalo, New York, in her teens, and she has walked runway shows (Oscar de la Renta, Marc Jacobs) as well as participated in fashion editorials and makeup campaigns.
The show was hosted by talk show host Marc Summers for its first two seasons and for the finale of the third.
Andrew is Marc's son, while Sami is Hyleri's daughter.
The leading chef of the kitchen is Marc Theut, who is world renowned for his cooking abilities.
One episode finds Marc and Bianca planning a graduation party for the convict-turned-kitchen-staff.
The staff is frequently challenged through various missions and Marc works hands on with the staff to evaluate their needs, even when members are frequently late.
The Mosaic Netscape web browser, created by Jim Clark and Marc Andreessen in 1994, completely revolutionized the Internet and made it more accessible to people outside of the academic community.
March 1994: Marc Andreessen and colleagues form Mosaic Communications, which would later be renamed Netscape.
Browse other sentences examples The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historial usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com. Related Articles
Franz Marc The German painter Franz Marc (1880-1916) was a cofounder of the Blaue Reiter, or Blue Rider, an influential avant-garde art group. Marc Bloch The French historian Marc Bloch (1886-1944) was the leading French medievalist of the 20th century. He inspired two generations of historians through his teaching and writing. Also Mentioned In chagallianDisco PogoOpswaremarcsred hatmarkNetscape NavigatorNingtsipouromosaMarcusklingon Words near marc in the Dictionary Marcan prioritymarbofloxacinmarburgmarburg hemorrhagic fevermarburg virusmarburg-diseasemarburgvirusmarcmarcanmarcantantmarcapomacochamarcasite
